dr. veneice guillory-lacy received the 2021-2022 bonner foundation community-engagement course development for social action grant. the course will be developed to give current masters level teacher-leaders the opportunity to put theory into practice through collaborative approaches to deconstruct power systems, challenge inequitable practices and policies, and conduct research for a living case study.dr. rebeca burciaga coordinated ourinstitute for emancipatory education webinar "emancipatory education from theory to practice" featuring distinguished scholar in residence dr. tara yosso.dr. rebeca burciaga was featured in the sjsu story"transforming the way we teach"which focused on many of our lurie college of education's strategic plan initiatives, including ourinstitute for emancipatory education that dr. burciaga is the faculty executive director of.dr. arnold danzig co-published school leader internship: developing, monitoring, and evaluating your leadership experience. the book is available for 20% off atroutledge.com/9780367652036 with the discount code fly21.dr. veneice guillory-lacy and dr. rebeca burciaga co-organized the sjsu x rep4 learner design summit, which convened high school, community college, and university students to to collaborate and design creative proposals to address existing challenges in the higher education system.dr. mara ledesma was quoted in the recent new york times article critical race theory: a brief history how a complicated and expansive academic theory developed during the 1980s has become a hot-button political issue 40 years later."dr. rebeca burciaga had their chapters "belonging and being enough" and "coraje y amor: cultivating leadership through cultural intuition" published in the book latinas leading schools.dr. rebeca burciaga collaborated with dr. fabiola bagula, dr. melissa martinez, dr. sylvia mndez-morse, and ana tavares on the latinas leading schools panel as part of ourspring 2021 emancipatory education speaker series.phone: 408-924-3616 email:edleadership@sjsu.edu social media:@sjsuluriesjsu department of educational leadership sweeney hall 219 one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0072 create opportunities for lurie college students!