governor newsom released his budget proposal on january 10th, holding to the investment outlined in the may 2022 multi-year compact between the newsom administration and the california state university (compact). the governors 2023-24 budget proposal requests an ongoing general fund increase of 5% or $227.3 million towards csu operating costs. the governors budget also requested to appropriate ongoing funding to the csu for the csu to finance previously approved capital facility projects through the systemwide revenue bond (srb) program, spreading prior year commitments over the broader life of the bonds.the csu board of trustees 2023-24 operating budget requested an additional ongoing $286.5 million above the compact terms for a total request of $513.7 million, as well as one-time funding of $1.3 billion towards capital renewal projects.over the next several months, the governor, csu, and legislature will continue to discuss and evaluate budget support for the csu.a statement from the csu regarding the investment proposed by the governor may be found online at thecsu news center. the csu operating budget request can be reviewed at http://www.calstate.edu. additional details of the governors proposed california budget may be viewed online http://www.ebudget.ca.gov/.at the end of june, governor newsom and the state legislature finalized the state of californias $300 billion spending plan for 2022-23. the csu received a total of $365 million in recurring funding including:in addition to the recurring funding, the state allocated $1.1 billion in one-time funding to the csu primarily for deferred maintenance, infrastructure, and housing projects at select campuses, and funding towards legislative priorities.a statement from the csu regarding the 2022-23 budget is published in thecsu news center. the csu operating budget request can be reviewed at http://www.calstate.edu. additional details of the california budget may be viewed online http://www.ebudget.ca.gov. on may 13th, governor newsom shared his may budget revision. the revised budget maintained the ongoing level of general fund support for the csu of $304 million that was outlined in the january budget proposal: an increase of $211 million for operating costs and a 2.5% increase in funded enrollment (equivalent to 9,434 full-time resident students). for one-time funding, the governor expanded upon the january funding proposal, adding $174 million more towards facilities and campus-specific programs.the proposed ongoing general fund increase of $304 million remains significantly less than the csu board of trustees 2022-23 budget request for $673 million in recurring support.a statement from the csu regarding the investment proposed by the governor may be found online at the csu news center. the csu operating budget request can be reviewed at http://www.calstate.edu. additional details of the governors proposed california budget may be viewed online http://www.ebudget.ca.gov.