stormwater runoff is generated when precipitation from rain events flows over land or impervious surfaces and does not percolate into the ground. as the runoff flows over the land or impervious surfaces (paved streets, parking lots, and building rooftops), it accumulates debris, chemicals, sediment or other pollutants that could adversely affect water quality. typically, storm water does not go to a water treatment facility. whatever pollutants it picks up during drainage gets deposited to the nearest waterway. this polluted stormwater can kill fish and other wildlife, destroy wildlife habitat, contaminate drinking water sources and force the closing of beaches because of health threats to swimmers. therefore, we must implement best management practices (bmps) to minimize any potential pollutants from entering our storm drain system.sjsu employs a number of bmps to improve stormwater quality that includes: street sweeping, storm drain cleaning, zero waste campaigns and recycling programs.sjsu has developed a comprehensive landscape master plan which outlines work practices to reduce over watering, prevent runoff and reduce fertilizer and pesticide use. the landscaping staff conducts inspections and troubleshooting of its landscape irrigation system on an almost daily basis. sjsu employs a team of licensed operators to apply fertilizers, herbicides, and pesticides. this plan has helped the university to decrease fertilizer use and ensures that herbicides are used modestly and that pesticides are only applied indoors, with little opportunity to affect stormwater quality.additionally, sjsu adheres to its hazardous materials business plan (hmbp) and spill prevention control and countermeasure plan (spcc), which prevents any stormwater exposure to chemicals, oils and fuels.report a spill or leak or other pollution concern on campus. these might include: illegal dumping, construction site discharges or pouring chemicals into the storm drain.contact matt nymeyer at matt.nymeyer@sjsu.edu and provide a description and location of your concern.all complaints will be investigated. any source of pollutants will be removed, cleaned or otherwise abated.located in:corporation yard office hours:monday - friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.saturday and sunday, closed