visit the health advisories website for the latest vaccination and mask information and to report a case.students can register in advance using mysjsu to sign up for winter session classes. before enrolling in a class, students must meet any required course prerequisites.web registration for sjsu students begins. registration closes.students who have a registration hold from previous semesters will have their hold removed when their covid-19 self-certification formand supporting documentation (if applicable) are submitted and verified. the system will generate an error message, preventing student from enrolling in in-person/hybrid class if covid-19 preqreq has not yet been met.register now web registration for non-sjsu students begins. registration closes. before enrolling in a class, students must meet any required course prerequisites.create mysjsu account via quick admit.after 24-48 hours, activate your mysjsu account and use the blue mysjsu button on one.sjsu.edu.registration begins enroll in classes via mysjsu. add yourself to the waitlist if class is full.reactivate mysjsu for the term. to term activate, follow the instructions on our tutorial.registration begins enroll in classes via mysjsu. add yourself to the waitlist if class is full.if you have issues accessing your student account, you can reset your password or contact it help desk at ithelpdesk@sjsu.edu.for detailed instructions, watch our latest registration tutorial series below. please note, information on this tutorial is for fall/spring semester. students can follow the same instructions, paying attention to the winter calendar dates.click to select one the waitlist shall be prioritized for graduating seniors who have a graduation application on file for fall 2022 and spring 2023.if you have been placed on the wait list, check your mysjsu periodically to check your status. after you are enrolled, see calendar for payment deadline.students with disabilities needing support services for classes (such as interpreting, test accommodations or note-taking) should contact the accessible education center. call 408-924-6000, e-mailaec-info@sjsu.eduor visit www.sjsu.edu/aec.students need to submit the open university registration form on forms page and make sure to use the sjsu id they receive from the admissions office.graduate students need to complete the open university registration form. please follow instructions on the first page of the form. the open university registration form is accessible from the first day of instruction until the last day to add without a late fee.the open university registration form is routed to the graduate admissions and program evaluations (gape) office when requesting enrollment for 200-level courses.students who have recently been disqualified from sjsu in fall 2022 must submit a docusign open university registration formfor the first open university semester they attend. your account and registration will be set up by the registrars office.in the next semester when you enroll (i.e. spring 2023), you can follow registration instructions for returning open university students.the open university registration form is routed to the graduate admissions and program evaluations (gape) office when requesting enrollment for 200-level courses.complete the open university registration form with signature in docusign.the open university registration form is routed to the graduate admissions and program evaluations (gape) office when requesting enrollment for 200-level courses.if you missed the advance web registration period, you may register online at mysjsu; or submit winter registration form to add classes with a permission number(s).beginning, all students must use alate enrollment petition form with instructor, department chair and associate dean signatures to register.san jose state university one washington square,san jose, ca 95192 408-924-1000.