visit the health advisories website for the latest vaccination and mask information and to report a case.forcovid-19 vaccination requirements, please visit the health advisories and student health center websites.winter session is a compacted session between the fall and spring semesters, offering degree credit courses and some short courses. enrollment is not limited to full-time and part-time sjsu students. any adult member of the community is eligible to enroll.classes are open to college and university students, high school graduates and other adults from the community. you do not have to be accepted to san jos state university to attend this session.visit the registration section, for more information on how to register.visit the how to drop section, for more information.visit the payment section, for more information about how to pday.students are allowed to take up to 4 units for winter session. to request for more than 4 units, students must file apetition for excess units form before the registration deadline, december 16.an sjsu id number is assigned to all students. use it to access registration and grades as well as other functions and on forms as identified. if you have forgotten your log in or password, click on mysjsu help onone.sjsu.edu or email ithelpdesk@sjsu.edu.enrollment in this session does not assure admission to san jos state university. if you plan to work toward a degree or credential at san jos state university, or wish to continue in attendance either full-time or part-time during the spring, summer or fall semesters, you must apply for admission. if you are interested in formal admission, contact the admissions office at 408.283.7500 or email admissions@sjsu.edu.starting october 25 you will need to email the office of the registrar at registrar@sjsu.edu for enrollment. include your name, id#, 5-digit class number, subject, course number, and section number in the email. beginning on the first day of winter instruction (january 3, 2023), you must also include a permission number.if you are repeating a class more than twice, starting december 2, submit the repeat a course more than 2 times petition. be sure to follow all instructions.you will need to register using the the online docusign registration formand will be registering as an open university student for the winter session.see student tutorials for how to view student center, make pay ment, enroll or drop a class, etc. in your mysjsu account.see the tutorials for students on mysjsu for instruction.students who are not currently attending sjsu are considered open university students and can take sjsu classes through open university.for more open university questions, check ouropen university faqs.first time open university students will need to create their mysjsu account via quick admit. this account will give a student access to register for classes, pay for courses and see their own records. if a student has an existing account but cannot remember the password, please contact ithelpdesk@sjsu.edu. provide at least two of the following items for verification quick admit will be available to students starting the first day of registration for open university students on wednesday, october 26. for more open university questions, check our open university faqs.no, you will need to complete the online docusign registration formand submit it to the graduate admission and program evaluation (gape) office for approval.if a professor is not listed, students can send the class request to the department for approval.if you are unable to contact the professor of the open university class you want to take, you can send the class request to the department for approval.course access may take up to 48 hours after enrollment is finalized. we recommend students to email their professor for course materials in the meantime.if you dont remember your sjsuone account id number, you canlook up your id number here. if you have an sjsu one account id but dont remember your password,follow these instructions. if you are unable to access your account after following these steps, you can submit an online docusign registration form.san jose state university one washington square,san jose, ca 95192 408-924-1000