executive director, student wellness center email:studentwellnesscenterexecutivedirector@sjsu.edu- february 1, 2021 an alum of sjsu myself, i completed my master of public health and spent 14 years as a lecturer in the health science and recreation department. i was a part-time lecturer at sjsu while working for santa clara county health and hospital system and the local community clinics. for many years as vice president of health career connection, i worked to connect and provide opportunities for future health professionals and leaders. prior to returning to sjsu, i was the director of pre-collegiate programs at stanford university.my parents were my first role models. they taught me about sacrifice, perseverance, and generosity. my mentors were actually my professors, now retired, and my cohort in the master in public health program at sjsu in what is now the department of public health and recreation. from them, i learned about community health, inclusivity, humility, representation, teamwork, and i also learned about work-life integration. thank you dr. kathleen roe and dr. dan perales.start with volunteer opportunities and internships. during these experiences, watch and learn from the people who are passionate about their work. ask questions about their trajectory to help you ask the same questions of yourself. the answers will help you determine if this is what you want to do. lastly, stay connected to your supervisors in these experiences, they may continue to have more opportunities and you want them to think of you.phone:408-924-6122 appointments/general info 408-924-6150 patient billing the student wellness center building (swc) is located across from the event center. parking is available in the seventh street garage.student wellness center san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0037 monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.friday (march 31): closed monday - thursday: 8:30am 5:00pm friday: 8:30am 4:30pm call to schedule an appointment