for immunization and vaccination services (including flu shots), please make an appointment at the immunization clinic by calling 408-924-6122.make sure to get a flu shot this season. health care clinics, local pharmacies and the county public health department are offering flu shots now. information on free flu shots in our county can be found atscc flu shots. enrolled students can also get a free flu shot this season at the student health center by calling to make an appointment.new students areprovide proof of immunization prior to the first day of classes to avoid a registration hold.students who need to get these vaccinations or gather proof of immunization are strongly encouraged to do so now. acceptable proof of immunization:students will be able to upload their documents through student healthcenter online/patient portalafter may 1, 2023. please note: online submission only - paper submissions and email attachments cannot be accepted.*for further questions regarding required immunizations, email immunization@sjsu.edu.your existing healthcare provider your local county health department some local pharmacies (call your local pharmacy for availability)once the semester begins and you are officially a sjsu student, you can also get immunizations via the sjsu student health center generally accepted proof of immunity will be documentation indicating you have received the full vaccination. if you dont have those records you will need to get vaccinated. if you are positive you were vaccinated, or that you had the disease, you can also get a laboratory blood test that verifies you have immunity (e.g., via your healthcare provider or your local county public health department). this test is called a titer.if any of the documentation does not use internationally standard names for vaccine or dosage, then the international student must also attach an english translation signed by a licensed health provider.eo 803 (csu executive order 803) is the current csu guidelines for required immunizations. the csu is considering requiring immunizations in addition to mmr and hepatitis b for all new students. visit the csu policystat website for the latest updates on immunization requirements.students can request for medical exemptions based on a medical condition that is a contraindication to vaccination for the following vaccines:(measles, mumps and rubella),(chickenpox),(tetanus, diphtheria and pertussis),or(serogroups a, c, y & w-135) for certain groups of students.medical exemptions must be completed by a healthcare provider using the approvedmedical exemption form [pdf]and uploaded onto student health center online portal or faxed to student health center at (408) 924-7786.please call to check for availability to schedule an appointment, please call 408-924-6122.phone:408-924-6122 appointments/general info 408-924-6150 patient billing the student wellness center building (swc) is located across from the event center. parking is available in the seventh street garage.student wellness center san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0037 monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.friday (march 31): closed monday - thursday: 8:30am 5:00pm friday: 8:30am 4:30pm call to schedule an appointment