primary care related gynecological services are available to all sjsu students. we have physicians and nurse practitioners trained in routine gynecological care and examinations, including screening and treatment of sexually transmitted illnesses (sti's), information and education on sexuality, birth control methods, and menopause. fees may be applicable. to schedule an appointment, call 408-924-6122.bring a picture i.d. toeverystudent health center visit.health screening examinations are generally recommended based on age and risk factors, rather than routine yearly physicals.please see the patient guide for sensitive examsto best understand your options should you need an exam of this nature.senate bill (sb) 24 requires all csu campuses to offer medication abortion to students. if you receive a positive pregnancy test during an exam at the student wellness center, well provide you with pregnancy options counseling and, if requested, medication abortion from trusted sjsu healthcare providers. students will also receive follow-up care.medication abortion is currently approved by the u.s. food and drug administration for termination of pregnancies within the first 10 weeks of gestation.pregnancy examination has been and will remain free for students in the student wellness center. the cost of prescriptions, including medication abortion, are at the students expense. the cost of the prescription for medication abortion will be approximately $50.medication abortion prescriptions can be filled at the student wellness center or a preferred pharmacy.services provided by the student health center include:phone:408-924-6122 appointments/general info 408-924-6150 patient billing the student wellness center building (swc) is located across from the event center. parking is available in the seventh street garage.student wellness center san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0037 monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.friday (march 31): closedmonday - thursday: 8:30am 5:00pm friday: 8:30am 4:30pm call to schedule an appointment