essential information adapted from aq&a that is also available in more detail at the california department of public health website.mpx, also known as monkeypox,is a disease caused by infection with the mpx virus which is related to the smallpox virus. while generally less severe and much less contagious than smallpox, mpx can be a serious illness. the virus spreads primarily through skin-to-skin contact with people who have mpx symptoms such as rash or sores, and may also spread through close, personal contact or exposure to materials contaminated with the virus.no, mpx is a completely different disease, is not related to covid-19, and spreads differently. people with mpx are generally contagious when they have a rash or other symptoms, and mpx spread takes place through prolonged direct, close contact. this is different from covid-19, which spreads easily through the air.anyone can get mpx after having close physical contact with someone who has the infection, especially contact with infected lesions (sores), bodily fluids, or other contaminated surfaces. however, the current risk to the public is low.it spreads primarily through direct contact with infectious sores, scabs, or body fluids, including during sex, as well as activities like kissing, hugging, massaging, and cuddling. mpx can spread through touching materials used by a person with mpx that havent been cleaned, such as clothing, towels and bedding. it can also spread by respiratory secretions (talking, coughing, sneezing, breathing) during prolonged, close, face-to-face contact.mpx may start with flu-like symptoms; fever, low energy, swollen lymph nodes, and general body aches. within 1 to 3 days (sometimes longer) after the appearance of fever, the person can develop a rash or sores. the sores will go through several stages, including scabs, before healing. people with mpx may experience all or only a few of these symptoms. most people with mpx will get the rash or sores. sometimes the sores can be located in places that are difficult for someone to see. some people have reported developing the rash or sores before (or without) the flu-like symptoms most infections are mild and will resolve without any treatment. there are currently no treatments specifically for mpx. however, given that mpx and smallpox viruses are genetically similar, antiviral drugs developed to protect against smallpox, such as tecovirimat (tpoxx), may be used to treat mpx.vaccines are not recommended for people who have mpx. vaccines are recommended for people who have been exposed to prevent them from developing the disease, and can also be given to those who do not have a known exposure, but are at risk for exposure.at this time, santa clara county public health department has access to the vaccine (jynneos) and is prioritizing the vaccine for preventative use for those who are eligible and at high risk. visit the santa clara county public health department mpx website for more information on vaccine eligibility. if you are eligible, visit vax.sccgov.org to register for upcoming vaccine clinics.visit these sites for more information about mpx:monkeypox (ca.gov)about monkeypox | monkeypox | poxvirus | cdcphone:408-924-6122 appointments/general info 408-924-6150 patient billing the student wellness center building (swc) is located across from the event center. parking is available in the seventh street garage.student wellness center san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0037 monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.friday (march 31): closed monday - thursday: 8:30am 5:00pm friday: 8:30am 4:30pm call to schedule an appointment