what does it mean to be a spartan?for more than 160 years, shared qualities like creativity and adaptability have connected generations of spartans. our traditions, both new and established, also connect our dynamic community.spartan pride thursdays whether you're on campus or living and working in another country, show your pride every thursday by wearing your spartan blue and gold.get blue and gold gearhail, spartans, hail!hail, gold, blue and white!we pledge our hearts and hands to keep thy colors ever bright.forward we go! we will not fail!sing to our alma mater,hail! hail! hail!fight on for dear old san jose state;fight on for victory!we are with you in every way.no matter what the price may be!onward for sparta noble and true,fight hard in everything you do!and so we'll fight! (rah!) win! (rah!)march onward down the field and we will win the day!s...j...s...u...s..j..s..u..sjsu...san jose state!admitted spartan day every spring, new spartans have the opportunity to come to campus to learn about all the wonderful resources that san jose state has to offer, as well as how to complete the required next steps to enroll at sjsu.weeks of welcome during the first weeks of the semester, sjsu welcomes back returning students and supports new students in their transition to the university with spartan spirit-filled events.ask me tables new to campus and need directions to class or just have a question? come by the "ask me" tables! members of the sjsu staff, faculty and administration are available to help you find your way around campus and answer any questions during the first few days of the fall and spring semester.homecoming from fire on the fountain, campus movie fest and the spartan football, homecoming is a week long celebration for the entire campus community.legacy month the legacy of equity and social justice is a part of sjsus dna. every october, the campus honors this legacy, which includes the human rights protest by alumni tommie smith and john carlos at the 1968 olympic games.earth day/sustainability week gay lord nelson, '39 political science, founded earth day. today, sustainability is a core sjsu value.legacy of poetry poets have found inspiration and community at san jose state since edwin markham wrote "the man with the hoe." sjsu celebrates this lyrical legacy every spring.commencement commencement is an honored tradition atall universities. at sjsu's spring and fall ceremonies, there's special element: the ceremonial mace. an ornamental staff or scepter, the mace is carried by officials as part of formal parliamentary or academic ceremonies. a gift from the tower foundation of sjsu, the universitys ceremonial mace was designed and created this spring by art and art history lecturer yvonne escalante, 13 mfa spatial arts. she found inspiration for the design in both sjsu history and the paths students take to reach graduation.read the story of the mace