the california state university chancellors office has allowed san jose state university to provide a deferral of graduate admission option to students admitted for graduate study who face personal and/or covid-19-related hardship that precludes them from attending any college or university in the semester they are to initially begin studies. only one deferral request will be accepted per student. note that we cannot guarantee that deferral options will be available in future terms.the available term for spring 2023 deferral is fall 2023. the decision to allow deferral is at the discretion of the department.there are select graduate programs that are not able to defer students due to unique needs regarding staffing of their classes and specific curricular requirements to maintain the high quality of instruction. a list of these programs can be found after the faq section on this page.please review the following information for details about your options. the deferral request form will become available at the bottom of this page by december 15, 2022.spring admitted students can defer into the subsequent fall semester. fall admitted students can defer into the subsequent spring or fall semester. however, programs only admitting for the fall will only offer an option for the subsequent fall term. the partial list of programs not allowing deferral can be found below. extending deferral past one year is not allowed at this time due to the need to allow departments to properly plan for their incoming classes.note: deferral requests can only be allowed for one full year from a student's initial admission term. beyond this year, a new cal state apply application must be used to be reconsidered for graduate education at sjsu.the deferral request form is now available here. the deadline for this request is january 20, 2023.interested in applying to an undergraduate program or visiting campus, visit our undergraduate student outreach and recruitment office website.interested in applying to a graduate program or have questions about applying, visit our graduate enrollment management office website.408-283-7500 monday to friday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.(icon at the bottom right corner)monday - friday, 9 a.m. - 12 noon and 2 - 4 p.m.bachelor's degrees and undergraduate admissions only join the queue to speak with us virtually due to a high volume of emails currently, please expect delays admissions@sjsu.edu student services center (ssc)one washington square san jose, ca 95192 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0016 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0017