to be admissible for transfer in fall, these requirements must be completed by the end of the spring immediately prior to the fall term. to be admissible for transfer in spring (if offered), these requirements must be completed by the end of the fall immediately prior to the spring term. official transcripts will be required to ensure the requirements have been completed.1. attain junior standing (upper-division transfer)complete 60 or more transferable semester units or 90 or more quarter units. applicants seeking a second bachelors degree will not be considered. to learn more about transfer planning, including courses that are accepted at sjsu from other colleges and universities, view ourarticulation information.2. complete the four basic skills classes (general education areas a1, a2, a3 and b4).complete the four basic skills courses as early as possible for a letter grade; it is acceptable if in winter, spring, summer and fall 2020 or winter, spring and summer 2021 only the basic skills course was completed with a pass / no pass or credit / no credit score. you must earn a c- or higher grade in each basic skills course. the four basic skills courses and 60 transferable semester units (90 quarter units) must be completed by the end of the spring term to be eligible for admission to the fall term.area course description a 1one course in oral communication or public speaking a 2one course in written composition or literature a 3one course in critical thinking or literary analys isb 4one course in college-level mathematics or quantitative reasoning, with intermediate algebra as a prerequisite3. earn an overall college grade point average of at minimum 2.00 in all transferable courses please note that while an overall 2.0 gpa is sufficient for admission to some majors at sjsu, many competitive majors require a higher overall gpa for admission. we strongly advise applicants check the transfer impaction data from prior terms for the minimum gpa required for admission to specific majors.4. be in good standing at the last college or university that you attended.5. submit official test scores from an approved english language proficiency test (toefl, ielts, duolingo or pte) unless exempt.only official test scores are acceptable. for toefl, sjsus institution code is 4687.you will be considered a lower division applicant if you have fewer than 60 semester or 90 quarter units of transferable credits, completed at a college or university by the time of enrollment. while sjsu does not offer preliminary evaluations of coursework completed at other institutions, evaluators at sjsu will verify applicants official transcripts for transferable credits.to be admissible as a lower division transfer student, the criteria below must be completed by the end of the spring term immediately prior to the fall for admission, or by the end of the fall term immediately prior to the spring for admission (if offered):once we determine you are csu eligible, you will be reviewed through our admission selection process, called impaction.interested in applying to an undergraduate program or visiting campus, visit our undergraduate student outreach and recruitment office website.interested in applying to a graduate program or have questions about applying, visit our graduate enrollment management office website.408-283-7500 monday to friday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.(icon at the bottom right corner)monday - friday, 9 a.m. - 12 noon and 2 - 4 p.m.bachelor's degrees and undergraduate admissions only join the queue to speak with us virtually!due to a high volume of emails currently, please expect delays admissions@sjsu.edu student services center (ssc)one washington square san jose, ca 95192 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0016 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0017