if you miss an sjsu deadline, we will withdraw your application for admission, and you will not be able to attend sjsu. if you have an extreme hardship or unusual circumstance that may cause you to miss one of our deadlines, contact admissions@sjsu.edu immediately.your path to admission to san jose state and becoming a spartan involves the steps below. these steps are designed to help you navigate through the multi-step process toward admission successfully. if you are a former student returning, there are additional steps. we look forward to receiving your application.transfer (international)you are an applicant who has attended another college or university and plans to attend sjsu on a f-1 or j-1 visa to earn your first bachelor's degree transfer (domestic)you are an applicant who will have completed at least 60 transferable semester units or 90 quarter units (and do not have a bachelors degree).you cannot change your major during the admission process. once you are admitted, your mandatory orientation, advising, and registration will all be based on your major. after you are admitted, change of major is never guaranteed and is by petition only. you must also enter an alternate major on your application to sjsu. international transfer students may not apply as undeclared or nursing.after you submit your application, you will receive an application confirmation number: this is your receipt. keep this number in a safe place; it is your proof that you submitted the application by the deadline.applicants to the animation & illustration major will need to submit three short supplemental drawing exercises no later than one week after the cal state apply application deadline. department/faculty review of submissions could result in a gpa bump in the admission consideration process. the supplemental drawing exercises are a required part of the cal state apply application process for this major. if they are not submitted by the deadline, your application will be considered for your alternate major only.official transcripts are required and must be sent to undergraduate admissions. if your university offers official electronic transcripts, we prefer this method of delivery. if your university requires an email address to send an official, electronic transcript, the recipient address is: etranscript@sjsu.edu transcripts sent by should be sent to:office of undergraduate admissions san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0016 all mailed transcripts must be sealed and unopened to be accepted as official documents.official transcripts are held for one year only. you can check your to do list at mysjsu to confirm any outstanding documents needed after you apply.you cannot use summer coursework immediately prior to the fall term of admission to meet transfer admission requirements.if you are admitted, you will also complete the steps to enrollment, which include submitting final transcripts, attending orientation, and registering for classes.interested in applying to an undergraduate program or visiting campus, visit our undergraduate student outreach and recruitment office website.interested in applying to a graduate program or have questions about applying, visit our graduate enrollment management office website.408-283-7500 monday to friday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.(icon at the bottom right corner)monday - friday, 9 a.m. - 12 noon and 2 - 4 p.m.bachelor's degrees and undergraduate admissions only join the queue to speak with us virtually!due to a high volume of emails currently, please expect delays admissions@sjsu.edu student services center (ssc)one washington square san jose, ca 95192 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0016 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0017