many new undergraduates in the college of science, engineering and business may need to take the calculus placement exam prior to registration. for details, exemptions, and other criteria, visit the calculus placement exam information.to learn if you need to take a department placement exam, contact the department that oversees your degree program (major). view a listing of degree programs and their departments in our university catalog.if you have studied outside the united states, you may be required to submit scores from an english language proficiency exam.you may be coming to sjsu with ap exam results. sjsu grants credit toward its undergraduate degrees for successful completion of examinations with a score of 3 or higher. if you earned a 3 or higher on an ap exam, please ensure that your official scores are attached in cal state apply. sjsu will download your official scores from cal state apply. self-reported test scores cannot be used.clep exams help sjsu students earn credit towards the completion of their undergraduate degrees.you may be coming to sjsu with ib exam results. sjsu can grant credit toward undergraduate degrees for successful completion of ib examinations. official higher level ib exam scores of 4 or higher, taken before college matriculation, will be granted up to six semester units of lower division baccalaureate credit.interested in applying to an undergraduate program or visiting campus, visit our undergraduate student outreach and recruitment office website.interested in applying to a graduate program or have questions about applying, visit our graduate enrollment management office website.408-283-7500 monday to friday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.(icon at the bottom right corner)monday - friday, 9 a.m. - 12 noon and 2 - 4 p.m.bachelor's degrees and undergraduate admissions only join the queue to speak with us virtually!due to a high volume of emails currently, please expect delays admissions@sjsu.edu student services center (ssc)one washington square san jose, ca 95192 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0016 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0017