thank you for submitting an application to sjsu! sjsu uses mysjsu as the formal method of communication during the admission and enrollment process. it is your responsibility to check your mysjsu frequently.about 7-10 days after applying at calstate.edu/apply, you will receive an email with your nine-digit sjsu id included. this nine-digit number will be your primary university identification throughout your career at sjsu. this email often gets sent to spam filters, so be sure the spam filters on your email account are set to accept emails from @sjsu.edu. if 7 days have passed and you can not find your id number in your email or spam folder, you can use the sjsu id lookup toolto find your sjsu id number.signing into your sjsuone account will allow you to access your mysjsu student account as well. you can learn about setting up your password on thepassword helppage.(using the sjsu id and password you created and search for 'mysjsu' in the search box)click on the task for mysjsu (be sure to click on the heart icon in the lower corner, first, to save as a favorite). make sure your personal information is current- your email address is critical!verify and update your personal information under the 'personal information' section of your mysjsu student center. make any changes to your mailing address, phone number and email. email is especially important because alerts from sjsu are sent by email when new messages are posted to your mysjsu account. check mysjsu at least once a week for important and timely notices, such as admission, fees, financial aid, enrollment appointment, test, and transcript information and deadlines.click on the 'password help' icon at one.sjsu.edu please note your password will expire every 180 days.interested in applying to an undergraduate program or visiting campus, visit our undergraduate student outreach and recruitment office website.interested in applying to a graduate program or have questions about applying, visit our graduate enrollment management office website.408-283-7500 monday to friday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.(icon at the bottom right corner)monday - friday, 9 a.m. - 12 noon and 2 - 4 p.m.bachelor's degrees and undergraduate admissions onlyjoin the queue to speak with us virtually!due to a high volume of emails currently, please expect delays admissions@sjsu.edu student services center (ssc)one washington square san jose, ca 95192 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0016 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0017