san jose state is impacted for all majors at the undergraduate level. this means that we do not have the enrollment capacity to accept all eligible applicants. if you have a serious and compelling reason for reconsideration and you wish to submit an appeal, please read the following information carefully before completing the admission appeal request.sjsu reviews each applicant's record thoroughly during the admission process. the admission process is completely objective, based on the information submitted for that step in the review process. this includes some or all of the following:therefore, for an appeal to an admission decision to have merit, it must bring to light new academic information. neither grades received after the time of application nor test scores sent after the official test scores deadline are a basis for an appeal or the reversal of a decision.if you feel that you have been denied admission in error, please follow the detailed instructions for submitting your appeal request.because sjsu is an impacted campus for every major at the undergraduate level, our admission process is deadline-driven and we do hold applicants to our stated deadlines.failure to routinely review your mysjsu account or read messages posted by the university are not grounds for an appeal.if your application was canceled for failure to meet one of our deadlines and you can provide proof that you took the necessary steps to meet the stated deadline, then please follow the detailed instructions for submitting yourappeal request.to be reviewed by the office of undergraduate admissions, you must submit a completed admission appeal request including any required documents as outlined on the appeal request form. incomplete appeal submissions will not be considered and may not be re-submitted. all documents, once submitted, become the property of sjsu and will not be returned.the following applies to all appeals:please read the appeal instructions below carefully to successfully submit your appeal:if your appeal is not accepted or you decide to continue your education via the community college system or at another university, we hope that you will reapply to sjsu for the next available term. please monitor cal state apply for current information.interested in applying to an undergraduate program or visiting campus, visit our undergraduate student outreach and recruitment office website.interested in applying to a graduate program or have questions about applying, visit our graduate enrollment management office website.408-283-7500 monday to friday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.(icon at the bottom right corner)monday - friday, 9 a.m. - 12 noon and 2 - 4 p.m.bachelor's degrees and undergraduate admissions only join the queue to speak with us virtually!due to a high volume of emails currently, please expect delays admissions@sjsu.edu student services center (ssc)one washington square san jos, ca 95192 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0016 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0017