mysjsu is the first and best source of information regarding your status as a student at sjsu. please check your mysjsu account at least once a week for important and timely notices, such as admission status, financial aid, enrollment appointment, tuition and fees, payment deadlines, and more.to access your mysjsu account for the first time, follow the below instructions:five to seven business days after submitting an application through cal state apply, you will receive an email with your nine-digit sjsu id included. this nine-digit number will be your primary sjsu identification throughout your career at sjsu. make sure the spam filters on your email account are set to accept email from @sjsu.edu. this email is critical to setting up your mysjsu student portal.go to the password reset appand enter the nine-digit sjsu id you received in step 1.choose one of the two options listed to set your password for the first time. this same process will also allow you to reset your password.sjsu communicates almost entirely by messages and 'to-do' items posted to your mysjsu portal.click on "mysjsu" at one/sjsu.eduto sign in and enter your nine-digit sjsu id and the password you created in step 2.make sure your personal information is up-to-date - your email address is critical!confirm your email address and update if necessary. be sure to set your filters to accept messages from the @sjsu.edu domain.check your mysjsu account at least once a week for important and timely notices, such as admission status, fees, financial aid, enrollment appointment, tuition and fees, payment deadlines, and more.you are responsible for monitoring your progress at mysjsu and you must take action by the posted deadlines! failure to do so will result in your application being withdrawn.need help with mysjsu?view mysjsu tutorials at one.sjsu.edu lost your id and/or password?click on the yellow "lost password?" link on the spartan app portal at one.sjsu.edu.interested in applying to an undergraduate program or visiting campus, visit our undergraduate student outreach and recruitment office website.interested in applying to a graduate program or have questions about applying, visit our graduate enrollment management office website.408-283-7500 monday to friday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.(icon at the bottom right corner)monday - friday, 9 a.m. - 12 noon and 2 - 4 p.m.bachelor's degrees and undergraduate admissions only join the queue to speak with us virtually!due to a high volume of emails currently, please expect delays admissions@sjsu.edu student services center (ssc)one washington square san jose, ca 95192 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0016 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0017