below are important steps and links to help ensure a successful start to your educational career at sjsu. although these steps are presented in numerical order, keep in mind that you may not necessarily complete all of these steps in the order that they are presented.within 4-5 days after your mysjsu admission status changes to accepted, you will receive a mysjsu message with important information on receiving your admission packet, including your i-20.if you are in the u.s. on an f1 visa, follow the instructions for transferring an i-20.once your i-20 is ready, you will receive your official admission packet electronically.f-1 visa students currently enrolled at sjsu will need to request achange of academic level.once theisss office has received the change of academic level e-form, isss will create a new i-20 for you and email you when your i-20 is ready.if you are currently on anand want to convert to an f1 visa, you will need to work with the international student & scholar services (isss) office to apply for a.csu programs for professions that require licensure or certification are intended to prepare students for ca licensure and certification requirements. admission into programs for professions that require licensure and certification does not guarantee that students will obtain a license or certificate. licensure and certification requirements are set by agencies that are not controlled by or affiliated with the csu and licensure and certification requirements can change at any time.the csu has not determined whether its programs meet other states educational or professional requirements for licensure and certification. students planning to pursue licensure or certification in other states are responsible for determining whether, if they complete a california state university program, they will meet their states requirements for licensure or certification. for more information, please go to https://www2.calstate.edu/csu-system/about-the-csu/accreditationlet us know that you are planning to attend sjsu!intent to enroll new for fall 2022: certain majors may require an enrollment deposit. you will receive further information via your mysjsu account if your major program requires an enrollment deposit. you may also view more details on our mandatory intent to enroll webpage.after you receive your initial i-20 from san jose state university, you can begin the process of applying for your f-1 visa to come to the u.s. before you apply for a visa, you must first pay thei-901 sevis fee.for information on how to apply for a f-1 visa and schedule your visa interview, visit sjsu's international student and scholar services website and the us department of state's webpage on student visas.: if you have already paid an i-901 sevis fee associated with a former sevis id number, you may be eligible to transfer your i-901 sevis fee directly from fmjfee.com. please email international-office@sjsu.edu with any additional questions regarding the sevis fee transfer.*if you have already received a visa using another schools i20 for this upcoming semester and would like to transfer to sjsu, visit our instructions fortransferring an i-20.visit theinternational student and scholar services website for pre and post-arrival information for new students.all international students are required to purchase health insurance through san jose state university, regardless of private coverage through personal insurance policies. contact the international student and scholar services officefor questions regarding insurance. you will not be able to register for classes until you have purchased health insurance via sjsu.review information regarding immunization requirements. for questions regarding required immunizations, email immunization@sjsu.edu.to help keep our campus community safe and healthy, all students must submit their covid-19 vaccination requirements. for more information, please visit the student health center covid-19 vaccination requirements webpage. for questions, please email studenthealthcenter@sjsu.edu.registration information and the semester registration calendar can be viewed at the office of the registrar.questions regarding registration? visit or contact the office of the registrar all f-1 students must register for a full-time course load every semester, and a hold is placed on your account preventing you from registering for classes until your health insurance through sjsu has been purchased.after you register for classes, check your mysjsu account for tuition/fees and payment due dates.the bursars office processes tuition/fee payments and oversees international wire transfer payments. should you have any questions regarding acceptable methods of payment and deadlines, please contact their office.the earliest date you can arrive in the u.s. is 30 days before the program start date on your sjsu i-20. also, keep in mind the welcome to graduate school orientation date (viewable through nextsteps), global spartan welcome, and plan your travel accordingly. if you are unable to arrive in the u.s. on or before this date, please contact the international student and scholar services office immediately as this may affect your visa status.resources to book your flight and travel to sjsu (airports/transportation):mineta san jose international airport (sjc)san francisco international airport (sfo)oakland international airport (oak)shuttle service(sfo and sjc)review sjsu housing options.consider obtaining a smartpass clipper cardif you plan to use public transportation.refer to your next steps account to learn about and register for the welcome to graduate school orientation series.departments may offer their own department orientation. check your departments website for more details.if you were admitted pending submission of final documents, please submit outstanding documents by the posted due date on your mysjsu "to-do list".for questions, contact the gape evaluator for your program.if you have any questions about your program, including transfer credit questions, please contact your department graduate coordinatorand see the graduate catalog.for more information on what to expect as an international student at sjsu, visit international student and scholar services.we look forward to welcoming you to sjsu as a spartan!interested in applying to an undergraduate program or visiting campus, visit our undergraduate student outreach and recruitment office website.interested in applying to a graduate program or have questions about applying, visit ourgraduate enrollment management office website.408-283-7500 monday to friday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.(icon at the bottom right corner)monday - friday, 9 a.m. - 12 noon and 2 - 4 p.m.bachelor's degrees and undergraduate admissions only join the queue to speak with us virtually!due to a high volume of emails currently, please expect delays admissions@sjsu.edu student services center (ssc)one washington square san jose, ca 95192 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0016 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0017