your graduation date must be included in your final transcripts.sjsu will accept grades of "credit" or "pass" to satisfy "a-g" requirements completed during winter, spring, summer or fall 2020 terms and during winter, spring, or summer 2021 terms. all prior coursework must be graded and a grade of c- or better must be earned for the course to satisfy a-g requirements. grades of credit/pass or no credit/non-passing will not be included in the calculation of high school gpa.all required high school courses must be completed by the end of the spring semester prior to fall admission. any makeup coursework must be completed prior to the end of spring as you may not use summer to make up deficiencies. if you are a student that earned college level credit after the summer promptly following your high school graduation, you will be considered a transfer applicant and need to meet the csu eligibility requirements for transfer applicants.ahistory/social science2 years required including one year of u.s. history or u.s. history and government benglish4 years required composition and literature cmathematics3 years required(4 years recommended)algebra, geometry, intermediate algebra; or integrated mathematics dlaboratory science2 years required(3 years recommended)one year of biological science and one year of physical science; both with labelanguage other than english2 years required study in the same language fvisual and performing arts1 year required select a year-long course from art, theatre/drama, music or dancegelective1 year required select from the areas a-f (above) or from other approved college prep "a-g" coursesofficial test scores will not be used in our consideration of applicants for admission. students may submit their official sat and/or act should they be offered admission to be used for course placement purposes, but the standardized tests will not be considered in the admission decision.your official gpa for admission to sjsu may be different than the gpa on your high school transcript. this is because we calculate your high school gpa using your 10th, 11th and 12th grade a-g courses when considering you for admission. note that courses completed with pass or credit grades in winter, spring, summer or fall 2020 terms and during winter or spring 2021 terms will not be included in the calculation of your gpa.applicants will be eligible for admission consideration according to the following:california resident orgraduate of a california high school 2.50 or greater nonresident of california 3.00 or greater applicants below these gpa minimum requirements will not be considered for admission at sjsu.admission to san jos state is competitive in all majors because sjsu continues to have more qualified applicants than available new student spaces. this situation is called "impaction" and it means that meeting the minimum california state university (csu) requirements does not guarantee admission to sjsu. to learn about impaction and view the historical competitiveness of each major at sjsu, visit ourimpaction informationpage.freshmen applicants who meet the csu minimum eligibility requirements will be ranked in each major by the gpa earned in a-g course requirements (self-reported at the time of application).san jose state gives preference in the competitive admission process to local applicants. for freshmen, you are considered a local applicant if you will graduate from a high school in santa clara county.additional consideration will be given to applicants who qualify for the cal state apply fee waiver, are the first to attend college in their family (first-generation), or are a u.s. veteran.it is important to understand that though all majors are impacted, the admission threshold for each major varies, depending on the capacity of the major to take new students, and the number of students applying for that major in that term.we encourage you to apply for the major in which you intend to earn a degree. change of major is prohibited during the application and admission process. after you are admitted, change of major is never guaranteed and is by petition only. your mandatory orientation, advising and registration will all be based on your choice of major.alternate major: you must enter an alternate major on your application to sjsu. we will consider the alternate major for those applicants who did not meet the impaction threshold to their first choice major. we will only admit to alternate majors if there is additional capacity for new student enrollment in that major.view a complete list of degrees, including graduate degrees and credentials.interested in applying to an undergraduate program or visiting campus, visit ourundergraduate student outreach and recruitment office website.interested in applying to a graduate program or have questions about applying, visit our graduate enrollment management office website.408-283-7500 monday to friday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.(icon at the bottom right corner)monday - friday, 9 a.m. - 12 noon and 2 - 4 p.m.bachelor's degrees and undergraduate admissions only join the queue to speak with us virtually!due to a high volume of emails currently, please expect delays admissions@sjsu.edu student services center (ssc)one washington square san jose, ca 95192 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0016 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0017