as part of the application process for international applicants (i.e. those seeking f-1 status), you must submit adeclaration of finance form [pdf]along with the supporting financial documents.once you have been admitted to sjsu, we will issue a form i-20 and email it to you, along with your admission package. the form i-20 is the certificate of eligibility for f-1 students.in order to issue your i-20, we are required to collect documentation that shows you have funds available to pay for the total estimated expenses for the first year of your academic program.estimated expenses include:you will need to show the same documents whenapplying for your f-1 visa at the u.s. embassy or consulate(please keep a copy for that purpose).please note: if you are currently in a different immigration status (e.g. h4, f2, etc.) and wish to convert to an f1 student visa, please do not submit the form at the time of admission. you will need to meet with an isss staff member to discuss next steps.the graduate school of business majors have slightly different amounts. please refer to the lucas graduate school of business website for more detailed information of the tuition breakdown. some of these programs have higher tuition rates than what is listed above (e.g. mba for professionals). you must include the additional tuition rates in your total amount calculation.please note that the above financial information shows thethat will be indicated on your i-20 certificate of visa eligibility. actual costs will vary depending on degree, program and personal spending.financial documents that demonstrate proof of funding must be in english and must:students wishing to have a spouse or children accompany them to san jose state university (sjsu) must be able to provide proof of funding for an additional $5,000 for each family member. a copy of marriage certificate and passport are required for adding a spouse. a copy of birth certificate(s) and passport(s) are required for each child. additional proof of funding will also be required.please note a dependent cannot serve as a sponsor.this information is required for visa eligibility determination.please include a statement on bank letter head to be able to withdraw without penalty at any time.interested in applying to an undergraduate program or visiting campus, visit our undergraduate student outreach and recruitment office website.interested in applying to a graduate program or have questions about applying, visit ourgraduate enrollment management office website.408-283-7500 monday to friday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.(icon at the bottom right corner)monday - friday, 9 a.m. - 12 noon and 2 - 4 p.m.bachelor's degrees and undergraduate admissions only join the queue to speak with us virtually!due to a high volume of emails currently, please expect delays admissions@sjsu.edu student services center (ssc)one washington square san jose, ca 95192 san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0016 san jose state universityone washington square san jose, ca 95192-0017