Dr. Gloria Ladson-Billlings, an eminent scholar in the field of urban education, joins us to share her visions for "post-covid" education. She is the former president of the American Educational Repository and editor of several journals. She has received numerous awards for her work, including the palmer's o. John Johnson outstanding research award; she is elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2018. Jonathan Rosa, a social linguistic narrator, studies how language and race are co-naturalized as key features of modern government. He uses community-based approaches to understand and erase the forms of inequality that relate to them. King serves as the president and chief executive of the Education Trust, formerly known as the national women's law center. He works with hispanic professor leslie gonzals to advocate for more just and inclusivity in the academy.
	fabiola, the senior director for the San diego County Office of Education's Equity Department, works with teachers and students from all over the county to develop a model of partnership that will help them explore issues of race and class in order to better prepare for their roles as school leaders. Rebeca buricaga, an associate professor at the university's department of education and Chicana/O studies, is a well-respected scholar of Chicano and Latinx studies who has been supported through highly competitive funding. Melissa martinez serves as an assistant professor in the educational leadership program at Texas State University. her research focuses on improving college readiness; college access; and bringing together the resources of black colleges and universities to advance social justice. Sylvia Mendez-Morse is retired associate Professor in Educational Psychology and Leadership at Texas Tech University. She conducts "qualitative studies" concerning women of color and Latinas academic leaders. Ana joins the hernandez school after a search by the community and she becomes principal in April. David david, another associate professor of psychology, is also a former teacher and counselor.