bart(bay area rapid transit) is a commuter rail system serving san jose, the east bay, san francisco, north peninsula and sfo. the berryessa and milpitas bart stations were opened on june 13th, 2020, and the closest station to sjsu is berryessa station. the vta rapid bus 500 provides a connection between sjsu and berryessa bart station.the rapid 500 stop closest to sjsu is located at san jose city hall on 5th & santa clara, approximately 0.3 miles from campus. the rapid 500 is free with your smartpass clipper card.for information on how to get to the bart station nearest you, directions can be found on the bart website.bart fares are calculated according to the distance traveled. bart only sells fares on clipper cards. all bart stations have clipper card loading machines that accept cash. visit clipper's websiteto find out how to load value to your clipper card.credit and debit cards may be used at all stations in select credit and debit machines. for more information on how to calculate your fare, visit the bart fare calculator for instructions.students and employees with a smartpass clipper card can to load money onto their card for access to bart and other transit agencies that utilize clipper, visit clipper card.com for more information.there is no special discount for sjsu students and employees.bart is a member of the clipper start program, which provides a 20% bart discount to eligible low income san francisco bay area residents. check your eligibility for the program on the clipper start website.the nearest bart station from sjsu is the berryessa station.thevtarapid 500provides service between sjsu and berryessa bart station. the vta rapid 500 bus stop closest to sjsu is located at san jose city hall on 5th santa clara, approximately 0.3 miles from campus.service on the vta rapid 500 is free with your smartpass clipper card.for information on how to get to the bart station nearest you, directions can be found on the bart website.for bart map and schedule information, the bart website provides an entirelist of schedules and stops.bart parkingis available at most bart stations. parking is not provided at stations in downtown berkeley, oakland, and san francisco. daily permits are typically required for lot parking.phone:408-924-6242 fax:408-924-6224