to sign up for an access key, fill out thebike enclosure key agreement form. [pdf]submit your completed form to as general services located in student union, room 1800.you'll need to providethe sjsu tower card number and your bicycle's make, model, color, and serial number (the serial number is usually printed on the bottom of the frame). there is a one time $15 fee for the access key.only currently enrolled or employed sjsu students and faculty/staff may sign up for bicycle enclosure keys and access enclosures. ts deactivates keys issued to users who are no longer enrolled or employed at sjsu.1. student services center 4. spartan memorial2. 7th street plaza 5. san carlos plaza3. 9th street plaza 6. macquarrie quadthey key scanner can be found on the side pillar of the bike cage door.if you do not see a scanner on the side pillar, it can be found on the inside of the bike cage.if your enclosure key is lost, stolen, or damaged, report it to transportation solutions.if a replacement key is issued and your original key is found within 3 business days, you may return the replacement fee and receive a refund. no refunds will be granted after this date. if your key is defective or disabled, you may be able to obtain a replacement key at no cost.any bicycle left unattended in the enclosure continuously for more than 3 days will be considered abandoned. after a 48-hour notice has been posted on the abandoned bicycle, transportation solutions will remove the bicycle. all abandoned bikes will be donated to a charity organization.transportation solutions provides locker rentals for bicycle accessories. lockers can be found inside every bicycle enclosure. there rental cost is a non-refundable base fee of $30.00 and a one-time refundable key deposit of $20.00. to rent a locker, complete thebike locker rental agreement form [pdf], and submit it to as general services located in the student union, room 1800.note: the lockers inside the bike enclosures are not weather-proof.enclosure users will be financially responsible for damages to the enclosure, access key, and accessory lockers caused by misuse beyond normal wear and tear.enclosure users are responsible for ensuring the bicycle is locked correctly and they use the enclosure at their own risk.phone:408-924-6242 fax:408-924-6224