ts and bay wheels, lyfts bike share program is offering housing students 6 free bay wheels bike rides per month (up to 30 mins per ride)! eligible students must pay the student association fee as part of their tuition.ts is excited to pilot this program during the semester to support students' use of sustainable forms of transportation.rides must start and end within san jose to be eligible for the $3.49 discount. check out thebay wheels system map to find a station near you.check your preferred email inbox listed on your sjsu account for an invitation from lyft business onand follow the steps to sign up. once you click the link and join, the lyft discount will be applied to eligible bike rides as long as the program is running.if you did not receive an invitation, please email transportation@sjsu.edu. dont yet have a lyft account? download the app and create an account f6to get started.this pilot is for sjsu housing students for now, but may be expanded in the future to more students. please contact transportation@sjsu.edu for any questions about future program plans.just scan the qr code, follow the prompts, and be on your way.don't want to use the qr code? you can claim your pass by entering code sjsu bay wheels in the lyft pass section of the app's 'payment' tab.when youre in the bay wheels service area, a bicycle icon will appear at the bottom of your lyft app home screen.tap unlock a bike in the lyft app to purchase a $3.49 single ride, then scan the qr code on the bike. your discount will automatically be applied (as long as there are still credits). as a reminder, sjsu credits will only apply to rides on a pedal bike, not e-bikes.return your bike to any station and wait for the light to turn green on the dock so you know the bike is locked and the trip has ended.learn more about taking your first ride.use the mobile app to map out a route to your destination, and well show you the safest route using bike lanes whenever possible.adjust the seat to fit your height, squeeze the brakes to make sure theres resistance and check the tires to make sure theyre not flat. if theres a problem with the bike, just lock it up and hit the red wrench button on the dock or report in the app, then choose a different bike.make sure yours fits snugly, wear it level on your head and always buckle the chin strap.the same laws apply to bicycles as to motor vehicles in california, including obeying all traffic lights and signs.dont text and ride! pull over if you have to send a message or talk on the phone. it is also illegal to ride with two headphones; while one headphone is permitted, its always safer to ride without any to remain alert.tips and tricksabout riding a bike in san jose.if you request a ride that doesnt meet the credit criteria (i.e.: e-bike trips), you will not see the discount shown on your ride confirmation screen and you will pay out of pocket.for more information about bay wheels, visit bay wheels.com.credits will reset at the start of each month but riders are encouraged to take more than 6 trips per month if youre having fun! were using this pilot to understand the demand on campus for bikeshare. let us know how it works for you.students who have an active bay wheels annual membership already receive an unlimited number of trips on pedal bikes up to 30 minutes per trip.please contact transportation@sjsu.edu.phone:408-924-6242 fax:408-924-6224