the smartpass request link foris now open! review our smartpass overview page to ensure you meet the eligibility requirements for your current status prior to completing the online request form. note: your tower id is required for pick up.for information on the baypass pilot, visit our webpage.transportation solutions (ts) helps alleviate auto mobile traffic to sjsu and reduce the impact on the universitys parking facilities. ts is dedicated to serving the commute needs of students and employees at sjsu. its region-wide operation emphasizes alternatives to driving to campus.ourgetting around sjsu brochure [pdf]has all the key information of programs we offer to support your transportation needs.check outtransit map [pdf]featuring bus stops, light rail stations, baywheels stations, bike and scooter parking, bike lanes, restaurants and more!for our go-to information on ts events, sign up links, and other relevant info - visit ourlinktree!fill out thisform!this guide we created offers the need to know information impacting your commute.student commute resource guide [pdf]employee commute resource guide [pdf]three highway 17 express weekday morning northbound trips will continue past san jose diridon to san fernando & 7th st. to serve downtown and san jose state university. three weekday afternoon/ evening southbound trips will begin from san jose diridon and serve santa clara st. and san fernando & 7th st. stops, then continue to 10th st., i-280 and highway 17 to scotts valley and santa cruz. all downtown/sjsu trips will include service to both scotts valley transit center and scotts valley drive.. for more information please visit our highway 17 express bus webpage.stay informed on how you can support creating a more equitable and seamless transportation system by signing up for the newsletter!transportation solutions operates under the auxiliary organization associated students (as). ts receives funding from the following sources:telephone: (408) 924-7433 fax: (408) 924-6220 monday-friday 9:00am-4:00pm, closed 12:00pm-1:00pm monday-friday 8:30am-4:30pm instagram: @ts_sjsu twitter: @ts_sjsu phone:408-924-6242 fax:408-924-6224