transportation solutions is dedicated to serving the commute needs of students and employees at sjsu. part of the commute needs of students and employees here on campus is creating a safe environment. on this page, you will find several safety resources.to support safe traveling during the evening for students to carry out their academic responsbilities, we are piloting a new program in partnership with upd parking services. check out the sjsu-lyft ride evening pilot programand see if your eligibe to recieve lyft credits during your weekday evening travel.the sjsu safe ride program is a service dedicated to providing a ride to students, faculty, and staff to provide a safe alternative to walking alone at night! this program is only offered during the fall and spring semesters.the radius is as follows:northern border e julian st western border first street southern border interstate 280 eastern border sixteenth streetto request an escort, use any blue light phone or call (408) 924-2000. the hours for this service are monday to friday 7 p.m. to 12:30 a.m.wait times will vary based on the number of requests for rides.please visitupdfor more info on this program, including rules and regulations.if you might feel unsafe walking to a destination on campus, upd will provide an escort to any location on campus.to request an escort, just use any bluelight phone or elevator telephone. you will be connected to a upd dispatcher who will arrange the escort. arrangements can also be made by calling the upd safety escort/saferide shuttle line directly at 408-924-2000.for more information, please visit upd.vtalerts is a free app that offers riders a quick and discreet method of reporting safety concerns and suspicious activities directly to vta security or in the event of an emergency, directly to police. riders can send vta security pictures, text messages, and locations of suspicious persons and/or activities making riding safer and more comfortable for all.to download the free app, search "vtalerts" on your preferred app store, visit the apple app store, or visit the google play store.vta also has at witter where they will tweet whenever there is an update regarding service for any specific route.bart has an app that shares safety alerts! bart watch is a free mobile app for ios and android that allows you to quickly and discreetly report criminal or suspicious activity directly to bart police. use bart watch to send a text description of what you're seeing, attach a picture and select from a list of locations and categories to assist bart police in their response. reports can be anonymous. the app is also available in spanish and chinese. for more information about the app as well as a download link, visit bart app.bart also has an email and text alert system. the system offers bart service advisories and other bart news by email and text alerts. bart will issue service advisories when more than one train is off schedule by 10 or more minutes and for station closures.for more information on the email and text system, visit email and text resources. to sign up for the alerts, visit the profile center.bart also has at witter that will send out alerts and updates on closures.caltrain has at witter account where service alerts are shared and publicized. additionally, visit safety and security for more resources.santa cruz metro has a text and email system for service alerts and disruptions. visit subscriber alertsfor more information.ace has a text system for alerts and service disruptions. visit stay connected for more information on how to subscribe.phone:408-924-6242 fax:408-924-6224