the a.s. print & tech center is open for limited services: self-service printing, full-service printing, course readers, & minor tech support (can't connect to wifi, etc.)masks are mandatory in all areas of the student union and must be worn properly.some tech services that the print and technology center offers are: diagnostics, upgrading operating systems, data backup, virus removal and more.print and technology center offers free software diagnostics over the counter for the first 15 minutes. advanced diagnostics and repairs on check-in with a $20 non-refundable service fee.print and technology center provides operating system installation services. we can install:notice: we will not provide activation keys for windows or macos. often, windows will have the activation key built into the computer or will be saved with your microsoft account.your data is important and computers/phones can often be unreliable, especially when you need them the most! in these cases, we provide data backup for a variety of hard drive issues. we can extract data from most corrupt hard drives and back up your critical data onto your choice of usb storage such as external hard drive or a flash drive.harmful software may find its way onto your computer, even with the proper antivirus. these files include viruses, adware, and spyware. these files can harm your computer, give you popup ads, track your internet and computer usage. print and technology center is here to help. we can remove those harmful programs and help drastically lower the chance of them returning. students receive a free copy of sophos antivirus, at no cost, to help protect you in the futureprint and technology center can help you with your software installation needs. we can install software ranging from adobe suite, microsoft suite, google suite, internet browsers, text editors, antivirus, and many more. we can also update currently installed software and drivers for you. please reach out to us for more information!print and technology center can diagnose and troubleshoot individual hardware issues/upgrades with both laptop and desktop computers. we provide services such as fully custom pc builds, parts suggestions, water cooling and air cooling, hard drive issue, memory/ram compatability issues and power supplies.notice: you must provide the hardware replacements.print and technology center can help you with more advanced hardware issues/upgrades such as mother boards, laptop screens, cpus, and internal laptop part replacements.notice: you must provide the hardware replacements.did you purchase a new device and require additional setup? we can help make your new device plug and play, so you never have to worry about setting it all up on your own. we cover windows updates, software installations, driver updates and we can help with email account setups.we are no longer offering phone repair as newer phones are not designed for easy repairs.computer/tech services telephone: (408) 924-6263 technology inquiries:as-tech@sjsu.edu monday - thursday: 9:00am - 5:00pm friday: 9:00am - 4:00pm monday friday: 8:00am 4:00pm monday - friday: 9:00am-5:00pm phone:408-924-6242 fax:408-924-6224