to address our campus' increasing need of mental health services, counseling and psychological services (caps) will be implementing ain personal counseling for all matriculated students of san jos state university. implementation will begin august 19, 2019, with the initial year ending june 30, 2020. subsequent years will commence on july 1st and end on june 30th.counseling and psychological services provides brief therapy in empirically supported treatment modalities that is culturally appropriate to our student population. therefore, when a student visits caps for the first session, they may be referred to the most appropriate type of service which can include services provided within nearby communities. even if students are referred out, all students shall have access to mental health resources and services, such as psychological crisis intervention sessions, educational counseling, workshops, and self-help educational modules. students who reach the session limit and/or need long-term, comprehensive mental health services shall receive assistance in obtaining services within nearby communities.in order to meet the increasing need of mental health services, the 8 session limit is projected to provide more access to students receiving treatment from caps.no. students and their counselor will determine what is the appropriate amount of treatment to receive. at times, that discussion can occur during the first session. the amount of sessions students receive can also be less than 8 sessions, based on their progress and treatment.no. we want to ensure that we can provide as much mental health access to the students at sjsu. getting more than 8 sessions in a calendar year may impact other students who may need the service and would not be helpful to the greater campus community. also, if students need more than 8 sessions, it may be more clinically appropriate to receive those services consistently from an agency that can provide longer-term treatment.yes, if a counselor determines that it would be clinically appropriate and beneficial for a student to receive 8 sessions in the semester.yes. students can return to continue receiving services between sessions or to work on a new mental health concern, provided that they did not use all of their 8 sessions for the year.prior to receiving the eighth session, the counselor will discuss with the student the option of receiving more appropriate mental health services from providers in nearby communities. it is important for the student to follow-through with their counselor's recommendations and referral, as the counselor is taking into consideration the most appropriate care for the student.no. all matriculated students who have paid the student health fee shall have access to some of caps' services. students can always use psychological crisis intervention services, utilize counseling services, and group therapy services.yes. however, it is important for students to discuss with a counselor the need for their return. it may be clinically appropriate and beneficial to obtain continuous care from a provider in nearby communities rather than to return and receive intermittent sessions from caps.it's important that students do show up for their scheduled sessions or cancel early. sessions that are scheduled and not attended could have been utilized by another student. if students do not show up for their session, caps may count that unused appointment as one of the student's 8 sessions for the year. additionally, not showing up for their session may make it harder for them to schedule another session with their counselor, given the high clinical demand at caps.should you or any student have any questions or concerns, please feel free to direct them to me at kell.fujimoto@sjsu.edu. thank you.phone:408-924-5910 fax: 408-924-5933 email:counseling.services@sjsu.edu counseling and psychological services san jose state university one washington square,swc 300b san jose, ca 95192-0035 student wellness center (swc)3rd floor, room 300b monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.friday (march 31): closed monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.friday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.