san jos state university, counseling and psychological services (caps), outreach services creates a community of care by empowering students, staff and faculty through non-traditional avenues to increase awareness and education of mental health. in addition to annual programming, students, staff and faculty may request multiculturally-focused and developmentally appropriate presentations, supportive debriefs, tabling events, and interviews. all programming is inclusive and accessible.caps is a member of the association for university and college counseling center outreach (auccco).complete the caps outreach request form. please allow at least 2 weeks advance notice to coordinate a request. though we will attempt our very best to match requests, we may not be able to fulfill all requests.following online submission, requesters may expect to receive a submission confirmation within 3-5 business days. should you not receive a confirmation, please contact caps either by:phone: 408-924-5910 email:counseling.services@sjsu.edu in-person: student wellness center, 3rd floor, room 300b in addition to submitting outreach requests, many faculty, staff, and student organizations, often refer students to attend caps programming and certificate training opportunities. all programming is facilitated by caps staff. all programming is inclusive and accessible.to find out more information and register, please click on the links below.workshops mental health first aid training peer/student trainings group therapy/workshop series suicide intervention trainingsin addition to our main office in the student wellness center, several caps staff provide supportive and consultative services to students across campus, including: chicanx/latinx student success center, african american/black student success center, undocu spartan resource center, pride center, military and veterans services, and athletics.students, staff and faculty may also encounter our counselors frequently at campus tabling events, and providing supportive debriefs.connect with caps through social media! be sure to check our instagram and facebook for weekly motivational tuesday inspiration quotes. our twitter,andcaps bi-weekly news letter also highlight weekly events and activities.to continue creating innovative and supportive programming, we need your feedback! after attending a caps sponsored event, you will receive an email from us with the survey link. by completing the survey, you will be able to provide feedback of your experience, and recommendations for future events.phone:408-924-5910 fax: 408-924-5933 email:counseling.services@sjsu.edu counseling and psychological services san jose state university one washington square,swc 300b san jose, ca 95192-0035 student wellness center (swc)3rd floor, room 300b monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.friday (march 31): closed monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.friday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.