personal counselors are here to help you identify and accomplish your academic and career goals, enhance your personal development, meet life's challenges, and improve your interpersonal relationships. we offer brief therapy sessions to individuals and couples who are matriculated students of san jose state university.you do not need to be in significant distress to seek counseling. sometimes our beliefs or expectations of ourselves, or of counseling, results in a delay in seeking help until situations become serious. while no issue is too big or small, many students tell us that they wish they had come to counseling sooner. start the journey now and seek counseling earlier rather than later.individual counseling facilitates the exploration and resolution of personal problems and issues according to the needs of the individual.sometimes people who care about each other encounter impasses in their ability to resolve issues in their relationship. personal counselors can help couples improve self-awareness, insight, communication, and relationship skills, particularly when couples attend together.personal counselors utilize a variety of interventions to assist couples in resolving problems. couples may be given assignments to work on, either as a couple or individually. couples counseling is often complicated by one or both of the individuals having significant unresolved personal issues. it is important for participants to be willing to address their own internal issues as well as the personal issues of the other person in a non-blaming and constructive manner.confidentiality in psychological counseling is important to encourage you to discuss all of the struggles that you are experiencing. counselors are ethically and legally required to keep confidential information shared by you in counseling. counseling and psychological services (caps) uses the following confidential practices:information about your counseling is recorded in an electronic file. this is separate and independent from your academic and health records, and can only be accessed by members of the caps staff.if you are prescribed medication by a psychiatrist at caps, a notation of the medication will be included in your health services record, which is kept separately from your psychological counseling and academic record. this notation is not copied or released when your medical or academic records are sent elsewhere.records about your counseling are kept for seven years, which is consistent with the professional ethical guidelines.you have a right to know the contents of your file unless your counselor (or parents, if you're under 18) deem that viewing it would be harmful to your mental health.caps utilizes an electronic scheduling system and client database, including your reported contact information, demographic information, a list of your initial presenting concerns and problems, and brief records of your counseling sessions. the staff at caps maintains strict security measures to protect this information including physical locks, electronic encryption, firewalls, and password protection.the staff at caps is aware that e-mail communication is not confidential. we will only communicate via e-mail with your permission, and will use it only to schedule/confirm appointments or for other administrative matters. the counselors at caps will not provide counseling through e-mail or other electronic means.california law places some limits on confidentiality in counseling:if you tell your counselor you were abused as a child, and you are under 18 years of age at the time you tell your counselor, the counselor must report the abuse to a county child protective services agency.if you are over 18 when you tell the counselor, but there is a child currently at risk by the same abuser, then the counselor may be required to make a report to a county agency.if you tell your counselor about being sexually assaulted, the counselor is not required to make a report unless you are under 18 at the time you tell the counselor.if you tell your counselor about elder or dependent adult abuse, the counselor may be required to make a report.if you pose a danger to yourself, the counselor may be legally obligated to take whatever actions necessary to protect you from harm.if you tell your counselor that you intend to do imminent harm to a specific person(s), your counselor is required by law to inform the authorities, intended victim(s) and take additional action if necessary.if a court of law orders a therapist or counselor to release information, that person is bound by law to comply with such an order.with the exceptions noted above, information about you (including whether you have made appointments at caps) cannot be released to anyone outside of caps without your written permission.if you decide that you want to authorize your counselor or other caps staff to disclose information contained in your counseling record, you will be asked to sign a "release of information" form. this form will specify:what information is discloseddesignate to whom the disclosure is to be madespecify the purpose or needlimit what information you want or don't want to releaseindicate when the authorization expiresyou may cancel the authorization at any time by giving us written notice. similarly, if you decide to authorize release of your psychiatric and/or medication records, please speak with your psychiatrist. you will need to sign a release form through the student health center.here are common reasons to authorize caps to disclose information contained in the confidential record:to support academic accommodations: you may want to authorize disclosure if you are requesting academic accommodations from a particular professor or the university due to psychological conditions.additional treatment or testing by another professional outside of capssome information on this page was adapted with permission from stanford university's counseling and psychological services webpage.phone:408-924-5910 fax: 408-924-5933 email:counseling.services@sjsu.edu counseling and psychological services san jose state university one washington square,swc 300bsan jose, ca 95192-0035 student wellness center (swc)3rd floor, room 300b monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.friday (march 31): closed monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.friday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.