yes! we are providing services through telehealth with limited in-person services.counseling and psychological services is providing services for summer 2022, monday through friday, 8:30 am through 4:30 pm. we also have 24-hour crisis intervention services that students can access at anytime by calling our main number.you can get connected with counseling and psychological services by calling our main line at (408) 924-5910 or emailing us atcounseling.services@sjsu.edu. welcome to san jose state university! new incoming students can begin receiving services from counseling and psychological services when the semester they are entering begins.absolutely! providing services remotely through telemental health actually makes counseling more accessible. we are now able to provide services to students across california and during times that are more convenient for you.yes! as a student enrolled in the current semester at sjsu, you can receive services as long as you are residing or located in the state of california.yes, however, students residing outside of california can only receive limited services. you can utilize crisis intervention services, attend our workshops, and access our self-help resources. continuous individual or group counseling services are not available for students residing outside of california.state mental health rules and regulations, as well as state laws, vary. practicing mental health services out of the state that a counselor is licensed in may violate those regulations and laws, and may be unethical as well. we do want students to receive mental health services that they can benefit from; thus, we will assist you in finding services in the area you are residing in.yes! as students of san jose state university, you are eligible to receive all of our services. as we also operate remotely, our services are more accessible to students at satellite campuses.unfortunately no. services provided by counseling and psychological services are only available for matriculated students of san jose state university.beginning fall 2020, in order to be eligible for couple counseling, all members must be matriculated students enrolled in the current semester.in order to meet the increasing need of mental health services, the 8 session limit is projected to provide more access to students receiving treatment from caps.no. students and their counselor will determine what is the appropriate amount of treatment to receive. at times, that discussion can occur during the first session. the amount of sessions students receive can also be less than 8 sessions, based on their progress and treatment.no. we want to ensure that we can provide as much mental health access to the students at sjsu. getting more than 8 sessions in a calendar year may impact other students who may need the service and would not be helpful to the greater campus community. also, if students need more than 8 sessions, it may be more clinically appropriate to receive those services consistently from an agency that can provide longer-term treatment.yes, if a counselor determines that it would be clinically appropriate and beneficial for a student to receive 8 sessions in the semester.yes. students can return to continue receiving services between sessions or to work on a new mental health concern, provided that they did not use all of their 8 sessions for the year.prior to receiving the eighth session, the counselor will discuss with the student the option of receiving more appropriate mental health services from providers in nearby communities. it is important for the student to follow-through with their counselors recommendations and referral, as the counselor is taking into consideration the most appropriate care for the student.yes. however, it is important for students to discuss with a counselor the need for their return. it may be clinically appropriate and beneficial to obtain continuous care from a provider in nearby communities rather than to return and receive intermittent sessions from caps.its important that students do show up for their scheduled sessions or cancel early. sessions that are scheduled and not attended could have been utilized by another student. if students do not show up for their session, caps may count that unused appointment as one of the student's 8 sessions for the year. additionally, not showing up for their session may make it harder for them to schedule another session with their counselor, given the high clinical demand at caps.no. all matriculated students who have paid the student health fee shall have access to some of caps services. students can always use psychological crisis intervention services, utilize counseling services, and group therapy services.no. group therapy sessions do not count towards the 8-session limit. the 8-session limit only applies to individual and couple counseling sessions.possibly. utilizing our after-hours crisis intervention services does not count towards the 8-session limit per calendar year. however, repeated use of crisis intervention services during business hours may. consultation with your counselor about your use of crisis intervention services will help clarify its count towards the 8-session limit.no. attending workshops does not count towards the 8-session limit.possibly. discussion about receiving more than 8 sessions should be made with your counselor. your counselor, in consultation with licensed colleagues, will determine whether it is feasible and clinically appropriate for you to receive additional sessions.privacy and confidentiality are important components to effective mental health services. your counselor will discuss privacy and confidentiality in your initial sessions. privacy is your ability to control what information you share and with who. thus, your environment that you have a conversation in can determine the privacy of that conversation. for example, if you are having a conversation in a coffee shop, the privacy of that conversation will be different than the privacy of having a conversation in a room with only you and a counselor. your counselor will check in with you regularly about the privacy of your environment. confidentiality is your right to have information you share with us, not be shared with anyone else without your permission, unless mandated to do so.unfortunately no. documentation for emotional support animals often requires an extensive assessment of a clinical disorder along with a diagnosis. there may also be federal and state legal requirements and guidelines for accommodations such as emotional support animals. we suggest consulting with the accessible education center first in issues relating to emotional support animals.yes. therapeutic fit is essential for effective counseling. thus, it is important to express your preferences in your initial sessions of receiving services. additionally, you may request to change counselors at any time. be mindful however, that the number of sessions received in the calendar year will continue even when you change counselors.phone:408-924-5910 fax: 408-924-5933 email:counseling.services@sjsu.edu counseling and psychological services san jose state university one washington square,swc 300b san jose, ca 95192-0035 student wellness center (swc)3rd floor, room 300b monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.friday (march 31): closed monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.friday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.