the national council for community behavioral healthcare, a national trade group with 1,300 member organizations who serve six million americans nationwide, brought mental health first aid to the united states in 2008 with the goal of making it as common in 10 years as traditional first aid and cpr are today.just as cpr helps us assist an individual having a heart attack, mental health first aid helps us assist someone experiencing a mental health or substance use-related crisis. in the mental health first aid course, we learn risk factors and warning signs for mental health and addiction concerns, strategies for how to help someone in both crisis and non-crisis situations, and where to turn for help.trainers also learn risk factors and warning signs of mental illness and about available mental health treatments. upon completion, trainers better understand the impact mental illnesses have on a person, their family, and communities. the national council, which oversees mental health first aid nationally and credentials trainers, will ensure the u.s. program continues to have a strong empirically-backing by ongoing evaluation in this country."when you think of basic first aid, what comes to mind? many of us carry first aid kits in our cars, or have taken a basic first aid course. why? perhaps we want to be prepared to help a loved one in a medical emergency, or perhaps we have an altruistic desire to be of service if a stranger needs assistance. knowledge and skills serve us well in navigating an emergency and can potentially prevent a medical emergency through early intervention. mental health first aid (mhfa) aims to do both: teach members of the public how to respond in a mental health emergency and offer support to someone who appears to be in emotional distress." (swarbrick, p. & brown, j.k., 2008)please feel free to download themhfa brochure [pdf] [pdf]or visit themental health first aidwebsite.if interested for future training, please email us atcounseling.services@sjsu.eduto be added to the mailing list & get notified when future training dates are scheduled.youth mental health first aid is designed to teach parents, family members, caregivers, teachers, school staff, peers, neighbors, health and human services workers, and other caring citizens how to help an adolescent (age 12-18) who is experiencing mental health or addictions challenge or is in crisis.the course introduces common mental health challenges for youth, reviews typical adolescent development, and teaches a 5-step action plan for how to help young people in both crisis and non-crisis situations.all adults who want to get more knowledge and skills to help others are welcome.if interested for future training, please email us at counseling.services@sjsu.edu to be added to the mailing list & get notified when future training dates are scheduled.qpr (question, persuade and refer) is a 1.5-hour gate keeper training. qpr = 3 steps to save life. from this training, the participants will learn and practice knowing the signs, ways to reach out to support, and ways to make referral.if interested for future training, please email us at counseling.services@sjsu.eduto be added to the mailing list & get notified when future training dates are scheduled.why navigate sjsu alone when a peer mentor can help?peers in pride is a free mentorship program designed to bridge the gap for incoming lgbtqi students.we provide individual support and resources to undergraduate, graduate, and non-traditional students.would you like to:for questions or to request more information, contact stephanie preston at stephanie.preston@sjsu.edu or drop by thepride center.phone:408-924-5910 fax: 408-924-5933 email:counseling.services@sjsu.edu counseling and psychological services san jose state university one washington square,swc 300b san jose, ca 95192-0035 student wellness center (swc)3rd floor, room 300b monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.friday (march 31): closed monday - thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.friday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.