grad fest at the spartan bookstore on campus is a one-stop-shop event filled with important graduation and commencement ceremony information, updates from the alumni association and great deals on sjsu graduation and alumni gear! all participating graduates are required to wear academic regalia to attend the commencement ceremony.if you cant make it to campus and need your order shipped to your home, please visit http://colleges.herffjones.com/college/sjsu to place your order.. please allow up to 30 days for your order to ship. shipping charges will be added to online orders.best grad photo will be on-site during the commencement ceremony to take your official graduation pictures. you can purchase your photos through a unique link that will be emailed to your "preferred email address" on file in your mysjsu within 2 weeks after your ceremony.best grad photo will be in the spartan bookstore during grad fest providing free photo sittings. your photo proofs will be emailed to you along with purchase options.the photo sitting is free, and there is no obligation to purchase the photos.get your alumni association membership and receive a blue/gold alumni membership double cord (exclusive to alumni association members)!available only when you purchase the alumni package in the spartan bookstore or through the ordering website linked above!your alumni membership has direct and positive effects on san jose state. however, there's also significant advantages in it for you! becoming a member is affordable, valuable, beneficial, and the best way to show your spartan pride!the university will follow thecalifornia department of public healths policies on mega indoor events. all staff, faculty, graduates and guests are encouraged to use the sjsu covid-19 symptom check toolbefore arriving on campus.as of monday, january 9, based on the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc) covid-19 metrics for santa clara county, which are currently at the medium level for cases and related hospitalizations,sjsu no longer requires individuals to wear a mask or face covering in indoor spaces, but all are strongly encouraged to wear masks or face coverings indoors. masks will continue to be required at the student wellness center and spartan food pantry.restrictions may tighten based on the risks associated with the commencement ceremonies. please check our website often for up to date information and announcements regarding the safety requirements of these commencement ceremonies.clark hall, suite 300 one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0254:monday-friday: 8am - 5pm (closed daily: 12pm - 1pm):monday-friday: closed for in-person visits and all phone calls.please email our customer service staff for the quickest response.