san jos state university is excited to host in-person commencement ceremonies at the end of the semester for our spring and summer 2023 graduates! check out all the available details below:lucas college and graduate school of business lucas college and graduate school of business 1:30 p.m.click here college of health and human sciences charles w. davidson college of engineering charles w. davidson college of engineering 1:30 p.m.click hereconnie l. lurie college of education college of professional and global education college of science college of social sciences college of social sciences college of humanities and the arts ceremony registration/rsvp is now open through the marching order website (the software we use to record your participation in the ceremony).eligible students received an email to their "preferred email address" on file with the university, with a unique registration link for their ceremony.check ourcommunications archive for all messages that have been sent to students.each registered student will receive six (6) complimentary guest tickets after they have registered for their ceremony. if a student is removed from the ceremony for any reason, their guest tickets are also voided. tickets are only valid for the ceremony that is listed on the guest ticket.if additional tickets can be released to registered students, an announcement will be sent to registered students in april 2023 with instructions for claiming their additional guest ticket(s).check our communications archive for all messages that have been sent to students. guest tickets are not required for participating graduates. guest tickets are required for all guests age three (3) and up. guest ticket allowance is subject to change based on capacity, cdc, state and county health guidelines.all participating graduates are required to wear academic regalia to attend the commencement ceremony. academic regalia can be purchased from any vendor, but must match their degree level/degree.academic regalia (cap, gown and tassel) will be available for purchase at the spartan bookstore in the student union on campus starting in march 2023. the spartan bookstore will sell regalia until the last day of the commencement ceremonies.all participating graduates are required to wear academic regalia to attend the commencement ceremony.if you cant make it to campus and need your order shipped to your home, please visit http://colleges.herffjones.com/college/sjsu to place your order.please allow up to 30 days for your order to ship. shipping charges will be added to online orders.latin honors medallions: latin honors medallions are presented to eligible undergraduate students before the commencement ceremonies. eligible students will be notified later in the semester by email to their "preferred email address" with instructions for how to pick-up their medallion before the commencement ceremony.class t-shirts, sweatshirts, flower bouquets, sjsu custom kukui nut lei and more! graduation gifts are available for pre-order and on-site purchasing on the day of the ceremony. pre-ordered items will be available for contact-free pick up on-site at the commencement group tents.visit the parking services webpage for parking maps and additional information.discounted guest parking permits (currently $4.00) are available for purchase before the first day of the commencement ceremonies. after the first day of ceremonies, prices will increase to $10. see instructions for purchasing a parking permit below:guest parking information will be available by april 2023.check our communications archive for all messages that have been sent to students.best grad photo will be on-site during the commencement ceremony to take your official graduation pictures. you can purchase your photos through a unique link that will be emailed to you about a week after the ceremony. if you do not receive your photos by december 30, please contact best grad photo via email at support@bestgradphoto.com.the university will follow the california department of public healths policies on mega indoor events. all staff, faculty, graduates and guests are encouraged to use thesjsu covid-19 symptom check tool before arriving on campus.as of monday, january 9, based on the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc) covid-19 metrics for santa clara county, which are currently at the medium level for cases and related hospitalizations,sjsu no longer requires individuals to wear a mask or face covering in indoor spaces, but all are strongly encouraged to wear masks or face coverings indoors. masks will continue to be required at the student wellness center and spartan food pantry.restrictions may tighten based on the risks associated with the commencement ceremonies. please check our website often for up to date information and announcements regarding the safety requirements of these commencement ceremonies.the provident credit union event centeris an accessible building on campus. students and guests with ada accessibility needs will enter through the designated entrance on the ground floor of the venue. ada accessible seating will be available inside of the venue. for questions, please contact the commencement office at commencement@sjsu.edu. commencement is a"clear bag policy" [pdf]event. for the safety and enjoyment of all attendees, the following items are not permitted at the event:clark hall, suite 300 one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0254:monday-friday: 8am - 5pm (closed daily: 12pm - 1pm):monday-friday: closed for in-person visits and all phone calls.please email our customer service staff for the quickest response.