defined as applicants who are applying for an f-1 or j-1 visa and currently reside abroad or applicants who currently hold an f-1 or j-1 visa and currently reside in the u.s.refer to graduate admissions step-by-step instructions for international applicants.complete the international application online at calstate.edu/apply after choosing san jose state university and the term you are applying for, when selecting "source" select the following:if you initially choose the incorrect selection for "source", go to the "source" drop down menu and select "source" and then both selections will appear again to choose from.you will receive an important email from gape (graduate admissions) in 7-10 business days which will include your nine digit san jose state id and instructions on how to set up your mysjsu account. if you do not receive your id within that time period, contact admissions@sjsu.edu. include your full name, birth date, and mailing address for identity verification purposes.electronic transcripts should be sent to etranscript@sjsu.edu directly from your school(s).or official transcripts (in sealed envelopes) can be mailed to graduate admissions and program evaluations office. copies or opened transcripts areaccepted.submit one transcript from higher education institutions attended (even if you did not earn a degree).san jose state university graduate admissions one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0017 gape requires that all applicants with international coursework provide a wes (world education services) evaluation for any educational work taken outside of the u.s., u.s. territories & canada.documents must be sent directly to wes for evaluation. sjsu must receive the academic record and the evaluation directly from wes. a complete wes evaluation is required.check your mysjsu account frequently to review the items on your"to do"list and to monitor the status of your application. your mysjsu account is the first and best place for information on your application status with gape. sjsu communicates almost entirely by messages with important and timely notices on admission, fees, financial aid, testing, transcript information, and deadlines. department requirements are not listed on mysjsu.check your mysjsu account frequently to review the items on your "" list and to monitor the status of your application. your mysjsu account is the first and best place for information on your application status. sjsu communicates almost entirely by messages with important and timely notices on admission, fees, financial aid, testing, transcript information, and deadlines.for international applicants gape will place additional requirements on your "" list, these items may include:ms in accountancy $55,503ms in taxation $37,355 early career mba $47,511mba for professionals $41,045 certificate in accounting fundamentals $15,557the documents for each program below should be sent directly to the lucas graduate school at:lucas-school@sjsu.edu early career mba for professionals ms in accountancy ms in finance ms in taxation(please note that these items appear on your mysjsu"to do"list)phone: 408-924-3420 email:lucas-school@sjsu.edu lucas graduate school of business business tower 350 one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0162 hours (in pacific time):monday- friday8:30 am to 12:30 pm & 1:30 pm to 5:30 pm.