Question: What do we prepare at the sjsu lurie college of education?
Answer: transformative educators, counselors, therapists, school and community leaders

Question: How do we do this through our teaching, scholarship, and service?
Answer: emancipatory approach

Question: How do we do this through our teaching, scholarship, and service?
Answer: an emancipatory approach

Question: What college is positioned to lead as we emerge from the covid-19 pandemic?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education

Question: What have our faculty, staff, and students done during the past year?
Answer: remarkable work

Question: What have we launched to extend our reach to new student populations?
Answer: exciting new programs

Question: What have we invested resources in to strengthen our commitment to educational equity and racial justice?
Answer: bold emancipatory initiatives

Question: What have we done by strengthening our community partnerships and growing our media engagement?
Answer: amplified the impact of faculty-led research

Question: What college is positioned to be a model nationally of what it means to be a truly transformative college of education?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What years is the impact report for?
Answer: 2021-2022

Question: On what blog can you read more news about lurie college?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What university has connie lurie had a tremendous impact on?
Answer: san jose state university

Question: What two things does she exemplify the ideals of california state university?
Answer: dedication to the university and her philanthropic spirit

Question: Who graduated from san jos state with a bachelor's degree in elementary education and psychology?
Answer: connie lurie

Question: What is the name of san jose state's society that provides support and mentorship to former foster youth pursuing a college education?
Answer: connect motivate educate

Question: What program did she endow in 1998?
Answer: lurie author-in-residence program

Question: Whose generosity resulted in the philanthropic generosity of san jose state university?
Answer: connie

Question: What college was named in her honor?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: Who accredited the lurie college of education?
Answer: the california commision on teacher credentialing

Question: What is the masters program in?
Answer: speech language pathology

Question: Who is l at sjsu?
Answer: connie

Question: What is the phone number of lurie college of education sweeney hall 103 one washington square san jose, ca?
Answer: 95192-0071

Question: Who can use the menu of options below to navigate around this page for general information about credentials?
Answer: prospective and current credential holders

Question: Individuals applying to the multiple subject, single subject, or education specialist credential programs must satisfy what?
Answer: subject matter competency

Question: On what website are additional details available?
Answer: ctc

Question: Who is this option available for?
Answer: candidates who have completed an academic bachelors or higher degree in a major that exactly matches one of those identified in the law

Question: What do candidates do under this option?
Answer: automatically meet the smc requirement

Question: What is required by program department?
Answer: verificaton of degree

Question: Liberal studies may include any focus or concentration in the title of the degree - contact credentials@sjsu.edu to inquire about what?
Answer: interdisplinary degree

Question: What are the subjects for which there is a credential?
Answer: agriculture art business dance english world language

Question: What is the subject of art history?
Answer: art

Question: What type of education is kinesiology?
Answer: physical

Question: What must a candidate have in order to be considered for a degree?
Answer: academic degree major must be in one of the subject areas listed above

Question: How can a candidate waive the cset exam?
Answer: candidates who completed a commission approved subject matter preparation program at sjsu may contact the program department to initiate a letter of verification of completion

Question: Candidates who completed a commission approved subject matter program at another institution are required to provide what?
Answer: an smc letter signed by the credential analyst

Question: What are some of the subjects that can be studied at a university?
Answer: -liberal studies -child & adolescent development

Question: What can you do by clicking on the link below?
Answer: look up the subtest(s) required for the credential

Question: What may complete one of the cset test options listed above for multiple subject or single subject candidates?
Answer: multiple subject - verifying subject matter competence by exam single subject

Question: What is required to earn a credential?
Answer: completion of coursework at one or more regionally accredited institutions of higher education that addresses each of the domains of the subject matter domain requirements

Question: What is acceptable for this option?
Answer: coursework and cset

Question: What is the chad department's email address?
Answer: childdev@sjsu.edu

Question: What can credential services do for you?
Answer: coursework evaluation

Question: What are the instructions on the smc evaluation form?
Answer: follow the instructions on the smc evaluation form

Question: Credential services does not evaluate coursework for what majors?
Answer: sjsu chad

Question: Please do not submit your paperwork to what type of services?
Answer: credential

Question: What website should applicants refer to for guidance on how to have their coursework reviewed by a subject area advisor?
Answer: single subject program website

Question: Who may choose the option listed above for multiple subject?
Answer: applicants

Question: What must applicants for a credential, certificate, or permit verify before a credential, certificate, or permit will be issued?
Answer: basic skills proficiency

Question: What must be met for preliminary teaching credential candidates before serving as an intern?
Answer: the basic skills requirement

Question: What is outlined on the ctc website besides passing the cbest exam?
Answer: alternate options for meeting the bsr

Question: Who is responsible for verifying your alternate option?
Answer: a credential analyst

Question: What bill was signed by the governor and became effective on july 9, 2021?
Answer: assembly bill (ab) 130

Question: Who requires all individuals who have completed college or university coursework at an institution in a country other than the united states to obtain a complete evaluation of foreign transcripts/degrees?
Answer: california commission on teacher credentialing

Question: The evaluation must result in what kind of u.s.?
Answer: equivalent

Question: What type of degree is required?
Answer: bachelors or masters

Question: What is not required for ctc?
Answer: evaluation of undergraduate course work

Question: Who requires independent evaluation of foreign degrees?
Answer: sjsu and ctc

Question: What is a document issued by the commission to an individual who has completed the commission's fingerprint character and identification process?
Answer: the certificate of clearance

Question: What kind of certificates are valid for five years?
Answer: certificates of clearance issued on or after february 28, 2005

Question: How long does it take for ctc to process and grant your certificate of clearance?
Answer: up to 10 business days

Question: How long does it take for a document to be viewed on the ctc website?
Answer: 48 hours

Question: What is the email address to contact the ctc for a status update?
Answer: credentials@ctc.ca.gov

Question: What is one way to add a teaching or subject area to multiple or single subject teaching credentials?
Answer: adding a teaching or subject area to multiple or single subject teaching credentials

Question: Who can you contact for assistance with transcript evaluation?
Answer: santa clara county office of education


Question: What is the email address to submit your credential to if you are seeking employment outside of california?
Answer: credentials@sjsu.edu

Question: What does ctc stand for?
Answer: commission on teacher credentialing

Question: What you may be required if you do not hold a CA credential related to the program for which you are seeking verification?
Answer: If you do not hold a CA credential related to the program for which you are seeking verification, you may be required to submit additional paperwork.

Question: Who can you contact for further instructions?
Answer: the sjsu credential services office

Question: What is required of a student in order to receive a credential?
Answer: completion of at least 6 semester units of coursework towards the appropriate credential program

Question: When must the coursework be completed?
Answer: after the issuance date of the last emergency permit

Question: What form will you need to submit to your employer for further processing?
Answer: cl-469

Question: Where do you go to renew your emergency permit?
Answer: san jose state university credential services sweeney hall 445 san jose, ca 95192-0015

Question: What is required before being issued a credential?
Answer: constitution

Question: What can be taken to fulfill this requirement?
Answer: college level course(s)

Question: What do you do if you have taken a course at another institution that satisfies the requirement but is not listed?
Answer: s ubmit the items below to the sjsu credential services

Question: The education code states that the u.s constitution requirement may be met by what?
Answer: satisfactory completion of coursework covering the principles of the u.s constitution

Question: What has the ctc deemed?
Answer: coursework for this requirement must be met by the a grade of "c" or better

Question: What type of course may the coursework be?
Answer: an online course taken at a regionally accredited two or four-year college of university

Question: What organization's guidelines must a cpr course meet?
Answer: american heart association

Question: What is acceptable due to covid-19?
Answer: online cpr courses

Question: Who is sjsu's l?
Answer: connie

Question: Our community has always been what?
Answer: multilingal

Question: What have laws declared desirable?
Answer: multilingalism

Question: What does the language of california honor?
Answer: experiences and legacies

Question: What is justicia?
Answer: el bilingismo

Question: What does cbap stand for?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education critical bilingual authorization pathway

Question: What does the pathway specialize in?
Answer: candidates in pedagogy, practices, and ability to identify linguistic assets and potential for students

Question: What do lurie college faculty luis poza and eduardo muoz-muoz discuss?
Answer: bilingismo y justicia

Question: What do you click to see a list of upcoming dates?
Answer: the rsvp button

Question: What type of languages are there specific sessions for?
Answer: asian

Question: Who is earning her multiple subject teaching credential and bilingual authorization?
Answer: fanny camacho

Question: What does cabe stand for?
Answer: california association for bilingual education

Question: What students received grants to use towards professional development?
Answer: bilingismo y justicia

Question: During what event did they use their grants?
Answer: covid-19 pandemic

Question: What is the name of the group that teamed up with the csu fullerton departments of teacher education and educational leadership to present building partnerships against the bilingual teacher shortage?
Answer: bilingismo y justicia

Question: What did bilingismo y justicia and csu fullerton team up to present?
Answer: iven leadership for dual immersion programs fall 2020 webinar series,

Question: What does muoz-muoz focus on in bilingual teachers?
Answer: critical pedagogy and the development of critical language awareness

Question: What does muoz-muoz work at the intersection of?
Answer: policy and pedagogy

Question: In what way does dr. Schaeffer conduct his research?
Answer: conduct of his research,

Question: What does muoz-muoz explore with qualitative design and methods in educational settings?
Answer: epistemological implications

Question: Along with the alignment of supports for emergent bilinguals, in what areas has he worked with districts?
Answer: actual design and implementation of dual immersion programs

Question: What does luis poza's research investigate?
Answer: beliefs about language, language learning, race, and nation

Question: What methods does he use?
Answer: qualitative methods, principally ethnography and participant observation, to examine how these ideologies and their curricular and legal manifestations shape students experiences

Question: What type of populations does poza's research support?
Answer: historically marginalized

Question: Who is briceo?
Answer: allison

Question: Along with the ma program, what does, coordinate?
Answer: reading and literacy leadership credential

Question: What does her research focus on?
Answer: bilingual teacher preparation and how bilingual students use all of their linguistic resources


Question: In what quarterly has briceo's scholarship appeared?
Answer: teacher education

Question: What is the name of the person who is a member of this group?
Answer: david

Question: Who has a ph.d.?
Answer: whitenack,

Question: What program does she coordinate?
Answer: ted graduate program

Question: Who has published, presented, led professional development initiatives, and served as co-pi of grant-funded projects related to improving the education of english learners?
Answer: whitenack

Question: What does his current work with a cross-departmental team of colleagues use?
Answer: an intersectional approach to prepare all general and special education teachers to meet the learning of needs of all students in mainstream classrooms

Question: Who graduated with a ph.d. from stanford university?
Answer: rosalinda quintanar-sarellana

Question: What type of education does the masters in the area of?
Answer: international education

Question: What languages does she teach at san jose state university?
Answer: first and second

Question: Along with language development, social justice and multicultural education, on what topic has she written?
Answer: language acquisition

Question: Where has she taught in mexico city?
Answer: stanford university, uc davis, universidad metropolitana

Question: What is the name of the city in santiago, chile?
Answer: inacap

Question: What type of schools are in gaziantep?
Answer: sanko schools

Question: What is the name of the province in which canada is located?
Answer: nova scotia,

Question: What is the name of the city?
Answer: shenzhen, china

Question: Who can you contact to learn more about bilingismo y justicia?
Answer: eduardo.munoz-munoz@sjsu.edu

Question: What is the phone number for sjsu?
Answer: 408-924-3771

Question: If you are seeking employment where?
Answer: outside of california

Question: What is the email address to submit your credential to if you are seeking employment outside of california?
Answer: credentials@sjsu.edu

Question: If you do not hold what?
Answer: a ca credential related to the program for which you are seeking verification, you will be required to submit additional paperwork

Question: What can you become by enrolling at the sjsu lurie college of education?
Answer: a transformative educator, counselor, therapist, school or community leader

Question: How many academic departments do we have?
Answer: seven

Question: What professions can benefit from a minor in atypical infants and children?
Answer: social and life sciences, education, medicine and other human services professions focusing on atypical infants/children

Question: Who is the minor beneficial for?
Answer: the minor is particularly beneficial for students who plan to pursue careers in a number of branches of the social and life sciences, education, medicine and other human services professions focusing on atypical infants/children

Question: How many units does the minor require?
Answer: 12 units

Question: How many units does the minor require?
Answer: 15 units

Question: What department of Washington University has a website with more information?
Answer: department of child & adolescent development

Question: What does the program offer a range of opportunities to examine?
Answer: the course of human development

Question: What do students who complete the program develop a basic understanding of?
Answer: american sign language, introduction to deaf culture, and speech, language, and typical

Question: What is the name of the department of special education?
Answer: department of special education

Question: What department is currently not admitting new students?
Answer: this minor

Question: What type of teaching credential can credits from the minor be applied to?
Answer: multiple subject

Question: What is the name of the department that offers teacher education?
Answer: department of teacher education

Question: How many tracks are there in mild-to-moderate disabilities, moderate-to-severe disabilities, or early childhood special education?
Answer: 3

Question: What type of minor credits can be used towards one of our education specialist credential programs?
Answer: special education

Question: What prepares sjsu undergraduate students to enact meaningful change in local, state, and national settings?
Answer: the transformative leadership minor

Question: What type of pedagogy is used in the program?
Answer: anti-racist

Question: What do students develop their leadership goals around?
Answer: becoming transformative agents of change in their communities

Question: What is the name of our department?
Answer: department of educational leadership

Question: What does chad stand for?
Answer: ma in child and adolescent development

Question: What does chad stand for?
Answer: child & adolescent development

Question: What does chad stand for?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: What can students elect to complete while enrolled in the program?
Answer: early childhood focus (plan b1) or community focus (plan b2)

Question: What is a full-time or part-time program at sjsu?
Answer: bachelor of arts in child and adolescent development

Question: What is plan a?
Answer: child and adolescent development with a preparation for teaching

Question: Who recognizes teacher prep degrees as verification of subject matter competence?
Answer: california commission on teacher credentialing

Question: How many units does the bachelor of arts in child and adolescent development require?
Answer: 120 units

Question: What type of careers can graduates of the undergraduate speech-language pathology program pursue?
Answer: clinical careers

Question: What does slps stand for?
Answer: speech-language pathologists

Question: Who diagnoses and treats people with hearing and balance disorders?
Answer: audiologists

Question: Where can you find more information about this program?
Answer: department of communicative disorders

Question: Where can you find more information about this program?
Answer: department of teacher education

Question: What does asha stand for?
Answer: american speech-language-hearing association

Question: What does asha stand for?
Answer: american speech-language hearing association

Question: Who has this pathway been developed for?
Answer: individuals who have accrued some college credits with a flexible and engaging opportunity to complete their bachelors degree

Question: What disciplines are included in the curriculum?
Answer: education and the social sciences

Question: How much does a bachelor of arts in interdisciplinary studies cost?
Answer: $425/unit april 15

Question: When is the fall start for fall start?
Answer: july 1

Question: When is the spring start for the BA in interdiscplinary studies?
Answer: december 1

Question: What do we prepare teachers to create for students?
Answer: relevant and transformative educational experiences

Question: For more information about these programs, what website can you visit?
Answer: liberal studies

Question: What does sage stand for?
Answer: spartan accelerated graduate education

Question: What can sjsu students apply for when they meet the eligibility requirements?
Answer: sage programs

Question: Who pursue their bachelors and graduate degrees simultaneously?
Answer: sage scholars

Question: What do these programs integrate?
Answer: subject matter, pedagogy and research

Question: What are the benefits of graduate school?
Answer: reducing the number of units to earn the bachelors, credential and masters degrees

Question: What is a ba in?
Answer: liberal studies

Question: What are the three majors at sjsu?
Answer: bs, kinesiology, single subject credential, and ma in teaching

Question: Who are skilled trouble-shooters in correcting average daily attendance (ada) leaks?
Answer: child welfare and attendance professionals

Question: What are assessed and addressed by examining attendance policies, procedures, and records?
Answer: concerns and problem areas

Question: What is the name of the department that offers this program?
Answer: department of educational leadership

Question: What is the name of the department that offers this program?
Answer: department of counselor education

Question: What prepares students to teach at the college level?
Answer: higher education teaching certificate

Question: What theories will students study in a foundations course in the U.S.?
Answer: diversity, equity and inclusion

Question: What type of education is required?
Answer: higher

Question: What type of course is grounded in culturally-sustaining pedagogies?
Answer: teaching methods

Question: What type of experience will students put into practice culturally-sustaining and responsive teaching methodologies?
Answer: teaching fieldwork

Question: What is the early childhood special education credential program?
Answer: a full-time or part-time post baccalaureate graduate program

Question: How many units do you take in the evenings?
Answer: 30-51 units

Question: When is the first day of the spring semester?
Answer: november 1

Question: What is the name of the program that prepares individuals to teach students with mild to moderate disabilities?
Answer: mild-moderate disabilities education specialist credential program

Question: What covers formal and informal assessments, curriculum and instructional practices, methods for inclusive education, and positive behavior support?
Answer: coursework

Question: What credential does a person with a mild-moderate disability have?
Answer: mild-moderate disabilities education specialist credential

Question: What is the name of the credential program that prepares individuals to teach students with disabilities requiring extensive support?
Answer: moderate-severe disabilities education specialist credential program

Question: What does the coursework cover?
Answer: functional assessment, curriculum, instructional practices, methods for inclusive education, communication strategies, collaboration skills, and positive behavior support

Question: What type of disabilities are most often worked with in public schools?
Answer: moderate severe disabilities

Question: Are you ready to take the next step in your teaching journey?
Answer: if you are someone who shares a vision of teaching grounded in an ethic of care, has a commitment to social justice, and has a passion for engaging students in learning,then now is the time to take the next step

Question: What does adding our bilingual authorization to your credential do?
Answer: prepare you to serve in dual immersion or bilingual school settings

Question: What do the complex needs of todays students emphasize the need for?
Answer: comprehensive counseling and guidance programs

Question: How many units does the program have?
Answer: 54-unit

Question: What is required to obtain a clear pps school counseling credential?
Answer: a master's degree in counseling

Question: Who is eligible to apply for a pps internship credential?
Answer: students in good academic standing in the pps school counseling credential program

Question: What are our three program options?
Answer: flexible program, yearlong residency program, and internship program

Question: What is the name of the program that offers subjects such as art, biology, chemistry, foundation level science, french, kinesiology, math, and social science?
Answer: single subject credential program

Question: What is the name of the masters program in which teachers can earn their reading and literacy leadership credential or added authorization?
Answer: multilingual and multicultural literacy education

Question: What does the program prepare educators to center at the heart of literacy teaching and learning?
Answer: the experiences of historically underserved youth

Question: What is the name of the program?
Answer: multiple subject credential program

Question: What is the name of the program?
Answer: multilingual and multicultural literacy education

Question: How long does it take to graduate from ma, child and adolescent development late-afternoon and evening classes?
Answer: 2 years

Question: When does the department of child & adolescent development website open?
Answer: march 20

Question: What is the focus of the ma degree program?
Answer: counseling and guidance

Question: When is the first day of classes for the master of arts in counseling and guidance?
Answer: october 1

Question: When is the spring semester?
Answer: august 1 - october 1

Question: What is the program designed for emerging k-12 school leaders who wish to engage with?
Answer: emancipatory leadership practices

Question: Who will receive a $3500 scholarship?
Answer: 15 people who apply to this program by april 1 and are admitted for summer 2021

Question: This new masters degree is designed to work in partnership with what programs?
Answer: county leap

Question: When does the program begin?
Answer: april 1

Question: How does the new ma program prepare higher education leaders?
Answer: equity-minded praxis approach to engage in transformative thinking and practice with the goal of disrupting how power, in the form of racism, classism, sexism, and related oppressions intersect

Question: What type of learning does the higher education leadership masters program use?
Answer: emancipatory and experiential learning approaches

Question: What does cutting edge research contribute to in theory, practice, and education?
Answer: equity-minded and justice driven approaches

Question: When is the first day of the year for the ma, higher education leadership cohort?
Answer: april 1st

Question: What does our ma in in prepare students for leadership roles in?
Answer: special education

Question: Who is this program designed for?
Answer: candidates with experience in the field

Question: When is the first day of classes for the master of arts in special education?
Answer: june 1

Question: What is the focus of the master's degree program?
Answer: communication disorders

Question: What does the program prepare students to do?
Answer: k-8 schools, learn to engage in social justice practices, contribute to the development of cultural literacy, provide education that promotes democracy, and develop content knowledge expertise

Question: What is the name of the department of teacher education?
Answer: multiple subject credential program webpage

Question: Who will thrive in a diverse, complex, and technologically advanced world?
Answer: tomorrows leaders

Question: Where is the ed.d?
Answer: san jos state university

Question: What does the curriculum focus on?
Answer: real-life case learning

Question: When does the ed.d. program begin?
Answer: november

Question: What kind of website is there?
Answer: leadership program

Question: What prepares educators to center the experiences of historically underserved youth?
Answer: the multilingual and multicultural literacy masters program

Question: What is the focus of the program?
Answer: 30-unit program meets the requirements of californias reading and literacy leadership credential

Question: Where is the credential services office located?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education

Question: What is the name of the office that provides resources and services?
Answer: credential services

Question: What is the name of the college that offers credential programs at san jose state university?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: Where is sjsu located?
Answer: sweeney hall

Question: Who is the credential analyst at sjsu?
Answer: credential analyst catherine.davis@sjsu.edu

Question: What is school counseling only for individuals who hold a pps credential?
Answer: school counseling only school counseling+cwa and school social work+cwa for individuals who hold a pps credential

Question: What will happen on january 1, 2023?
Answer: individuals must apply for the slp clear credential

Question: For what type of instructions, refer to the link above?
Answer: application

Question: What is the email address for the California Transportation Commission?
Answer: credentials@ctc.ca.gov

Question: What disciplines are included in the online curriculum?
Answer: education and the social sciences

Question: How can you learn more about what this means for some of our students?
Answer: watch the video above or use the links below

Question: What has highlighted the need for reform in our community institutions?
Answer: current social movements in california and across the united states

Question: Along with social servants, what do local communities need to have to have effective reforms?
Answer: highly skilled educators

Question: What type of studies does the new ba offer?
Answer: interdisciplinary studies

Question: What does lea stand for?
Answer: local education agency

Question: What is the name of the college where students can apply for scholarships each spring?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education

Question: What is the name of the seminar in educational and community leadership?
Answer: edld 110

Question: Who is our fall 2022 feature student?
Answer: katelynn

Question: What do i also like to do?
Answer: learn new things

Question: What has been my favorite class so far?
Answer: edel 102

Question: Why did I feel welcome in the class?
Answer: this was also my first class at sjsu

Question: What is so important?
Answer: time management

Question: What do you need to do to study?
Answer: schedule time

Question: When you feel like everything is piling up on you, it's easy to get what?
Answer: burnt out

Question: What do you do to try and stick with a plan?
Answer: make a plan

Question: What are some of the things i struggle with?
Answer: writing and speaking

Question: What helps me the most?
Answer: having someone i trust look over my work

Question: What does it help when people give me on what i need to fix or remove?
Answer: their opinions

Question: What is a great resource if you don't have anyone?
Answer: grammarly

Question: What do you have to do?
Answer: keep going

Question: Where will you be when you realize it's all over?
Answer: near the finish line

Question: What state is expanding opportunities for families with young children to access early education and care?
Answer: california

Question: What is there a growing need for across californias early education mixed delivery system?
Answer: early educators

Question: What age group does sjsu prepare you to teach?
Answer: 0-5 year-olds

Question: What law requires that lead teachers of transitional kindergarten classrooms hold a multiple subjects teaching credential?
Answer: current california law

Question: Where can you find more information about these requirements?
Answer: department of education

Question: What kind of teaching credential have you earned?
Answer: multiple subjects

Question: What is the name of the credential program offered by the department of teacher education in california?
Answer: multiple subject credential program offered by the department of teacher education

Question: What does sjsu offer that is ideal for students interested in pursuing a ba on their way to becoming a tk teacher?
Answer: curricular pathways

Question: What is the lurie college of education's ba program?
Answer: child and adolescent development


Question: What do you need to do to get connected with more information?
Answer: fill out the information form below

Question: In what state are preschool teachers required to hold a child development permit?
Answer: california

Question: What degree is required to become a cdp?
Answer: ba degree in child & adolescent development

Question: How do you apply for a child development permit?
Answer: fill out the information form below

Question: What is available to cover the cdp application fee?
Answer: stipends

Question: What type of opportunity would you be interested in?
Answer: professional development

Question: There are many opportunities for what to help cover the cost of tuition and fees?
Answer: financial aid

Question: What type of grants will we work with applicants to apply for?
Answer: federal

Question: Where can students apply for scholarships?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education

Question: What college does sjsus belong to?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: What is the email address for sjsu connie l?
Answer: degreecompletion-education@sjsu.edu

Question: What is the name of the sjsu l?
Answer: connie

Question: What kind of stance does lurie college of education's teaching, research, and service take?
Answer: emancipatory

Question: How many courses are offered at Washington University?
Answer: hundreds

Question: Where is the child and adolescent development department located?
Answer: sweeney hall

Question: Where is the department of communicative disorders and sciences located?
Answer: sweeney hall

Question: Who does the kay armstead center for communicative disorders support?
Answer: sjsu spartans

Question: Where is the counselor education department located?
Answer: sweeney hall

Question: What is the email address for the edd-leadership program?
Answer: edd-leadership@sjsu.edu

Question: What department prepares administrators who are dedicated to fostering equity and excellence in education?
Answer: department of educational leadership

Question: What are our graduates equipped with the skills, knowledge, and experience to promote?
Answer: social justice

Question: Where is the special education department located?
Answer: sweeney hall

Question: Where is the department of teacher education located?
Answer: sweeney hall

Question: What kind of stance is lurie college of education grounded in?
Answer: emancipatory

Question: What types of students do we serve?
Answer: undergraduate, graduate, credential, and doctoral

Question: What college offers a wide array of academic programs?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education

Question: What are the two goals of the teacher preparation programs at sjsu and the lurie college of education?
Answer: equity and social justice

Question: What does the sjsu lurie college of education serve as?
Answer: lisason between the ihe and the california commission on teacher credentialing

Question: What are the staff dedicated to providing guidance on?
Answer: requirements for obtaining california credentials and certificates for teaching and service in california schools


Question: What is the phone number of lurie college of education sweeney hall 103 one washington square san jose, ca?
Answer: 95192-0071

Question: What is the name of the lurie college?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education

Question: How long have we been preparing educators?
Answer: over a century and a half

Question: What have our programs prepared in the bay area?
Answer: some of the best, brightest, and most committed educators

Question: Which college had a very active and dedicated alumni board that supported student scholarships, faculty grants, and honoring local teachers?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: What do we hope to build on the work of the board?
Answer: an engaged alumni community

Question: Who is committed to addressing and uprooting racism, racial injustice, and racial inequity in our community, policies, and practices?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What is the name of the college where you can apply to become a leader in the field of education?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education

Question: What type of programs do we offer?
Answer: many programs in education

Question: When is the deadline to apply?
Answer: april 1

Question: In what season is the deadline to apply for a job?
Answer: fall

Question: What can you do in as little as 1 year?
Answer: graduate with credential and masters degree

Question: What types of programs are available in ethnic studies, bilingual education, special education, and elementary education?
Answer: internships and funded residency programs

Question: How much is the scholarship guaranteed to students who apply by march 1?
Answer: $500

Question: When is the deadline to apply for a teaching certificate at sjsu?
Answer: april 1 - 3 course / 9 unit program

Question: What kind of educator do you want to be?
Answer: transformative

Question: In what region are you committed to making a difference for students, families, and communities?
Answer: greater san jos

Question: In what region are you committed to making a difference for students, families, and communities?
Answer: greater san jose

Question: How much scholarship funding can you receive while earning a teaching credential with us?
Answer: up to $7500

Question: What type of student is eden conghuyen?
Answer: single subject credential program

Question: Where is the fellowship program located?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education

Question: What benefits do fellows have?
Answer: each cohort of fellows will gain access to a plethora of benefits

Question: What is the phone number for the sjsu lurie college of education student success center?
Answer: 408-924-2700

Question: Who can you contact for questions about the fellowship?
Answer: program departments

Question: Where is there a shortage of teachers with backgrounds in math, science, bilingual education, and special education?
Answer: california

Question: How many pathways are there?
Answer: 3

Question: Where is the lurie college of education student success center located?
Answer: sweeney hall 106

Question: What will our teacher certification programs prepare you for?
Answer: to earn a teaching credential to teach in the areas of elementary education, secondary education, or special education

Question: What is outlined below about each of the programs?
Answer: initial information

Question: What program provides scholarship funding, mentorship, and priority for teacher residency placements?
Answer: impact residency fellowship program

Question: What is adriana priego enrolled in?
Answer: sjsu multiple subject credential program and master of arts in curriculum and instruction program

Question: Who is eligible to apply to our multiple subject credential program?
Answer: anyone with a bachelor's degree is eligible to apply to our multiple subject credential program

Question: Who is eligible to apply to our multiple subject credential program?
Answer: anyone with a bachelor's degree

Question: In response to covid-19, what did the initial requirements typically include?
Answer: some of these requirements have changed slightly

Question: What is the name of our website?
Answer: multilingual and multicultural literacy education

Question: What will each cohort of fellows gain access to after their admission?
Answer: plethora of benefits

Question: How much scholarship funding is available?
Answer: up to $7500

Question: What is ander lucia enrolled in?
Answer: single subject credential program

Question: Who is eligible to apply to our single subject credential program?
Answer: anyone with a bachelor's degree

Question: What is the name of the credential program?
Answer: single subject credential program

Question: Who can apply to earn a bilingual authorization during their single subject credential program?
Answer: bilingual single subject candidates who wish to be able to teach in their subject area through the language of spanish

Question: Who is the critical bilingual authorization program designed for?
Answer: candidates who are bilingual/biliterate in english and spanish

Question: What type of program are science candidates more likely to apply to?
Answer: single subject credential program


Question: What credential program did clarissa johnston attend?
Answer: moderate-severe

Question: For what academic year was clarissa recognized as a teacher of the year?
Answer: 2019-2020

Question: How many areas of specialization are there for the education specialist credential program?
Answer: 3 areas of specialization for the education specialist credential program

Question: Does your undergraduate background have to be in teacher prep or special education?
Answer: your undergraduate background does not have to be in a teacher prep or special education

Question: Who is eligible to apply?
Answer: all ba or bs holders

Question: What is the name of the program that specializes in early childhood special education?
Answer: special education ma program


Question: What program did rachel hyeyoung park enroll in at sjsu?
Answer: multiple subject teaching credential program

Question: What does this major provide students with a well-rounded foundation in how children and adolescents develop?
Answer: this major provides students with a well-rounded foundation in how children and adolescents develop

Question: What type of classrooms do students have a practicum experience in?
Answer: k-8 classrooms

Question: What does a student need to earn in order to apply to our multiple subject credential program?
Answer: bachelor of arts (ba) in child & adolescent development

Question: What type of program of study will students experience through this major?
Answer: cross-disciplinary

Question: What type of studies offers several degree earning options?
Answer: liberal studies

Question: Where can sjsu students find a minor in order to develop a deeper understanding of teaching, learning, and human development?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: What does the minor in atypical child studies provide a solid foundation in both normative and atypical early childhood development?
Answer: minor in atypical child studies

Question: What are the courses for the minor in child & adolescent development?
Answer: minor in child & adolescent development

Question: Who is the minor especially appropriate for?
Answer: students planning to enter the fields of education, social welfare, nursing, child care, and other human services professions

Question: What is the name of the minor in deaf education?
Answer: minor in deaf education

Question: What is the minor in elementary education?
Answer: minor in elementary education

Question: What is a 4-course track in mild-to-moderate disabilities, moderate-to-severe disabilities, or early childhood special education?
Answer: minor in special education

Question: Courses taken for a minor in what can be used towards an education specialist credential program?
Answer: special education

Question: What type of teacher preparation is offered at sjsu?
Answer: liberal studies

Question: What did allyson landreth enroll in to become a science educator?
Answer: single subject teaching credential program at sjsu

Question: What do you have an interest in teaching?
Answer: which subject

Question: What is the name for physical education?
Answer: kinesiology

Question: What type of program does sjsu offer?
Answer: single subject credential

Question: What do you do during your undergraduate program?
Answer: volunteer in a public middle school or high school, in the subject area that you are interested in

Question: How long do you have to spend there to meet one of the requirements to apply to a credential program?
Answer: 45 hours

Question: What type of program will you be able to apply to after earning your undergraduate degree?
Answer: single subject credential

Question: What type of studies are included in the benefits of the program?
Answer: african american

Question: What are the programs for kinesiology, single subject credential, and ma in teaching at sjsu?
Answer: bs, kinesiology, single subject credential, and ma in teaching

Question: Students who apply to our education specialist credential program typically have what type of degree?
Answer: undergraduate

Question: What can you apply to if you choose a different major?
Answer: special education credential program

Question: Does a special education minor count towards a credential?
Answer: some courses in the special education minor also count towards the credential

Question: Where can you meet with an advisor for more information?
Answer: lurie college student success center

Question: What are some of the benefits of attending sjsu?
Answer: multiple subject / elementary education programs

Question: What are some of the benefits of attending sjsu?
Answer: - ba, liberal studies, education specialist credential, and ma in special education

Question: Where did liliana adler earn her associate's degree?
Answer: ohlone college

Question: What type of courses should you take?
Answer: all lower division general education

Question: What type of school can you volunteer in after transferring to sjsu?
Answer: public middle school or high school

Question: Who can you contact for additional guidance?
Answer: lurie college student success center outreach advisor

Question: What program can you apply to if you choose a different major?
Answer: education specialist credential program

Question: What is a benefit of a special education minor?
Answer: some courses in the special education minor also count towards the credential

Question: What issue has there been a lot of advocacy around in recent months?
Answer: social justice

Question: What college has organized a student social justice short film festival?
Answer: lurie college

Question: When is the second student social justice film festival scheduled to take place?
Answer: fall 2020

Question: During what time of the year will educators and students be able to learn more about the festival?
Answer: summer 2021

Question: What is the email address to contact us about participating in the film festival?
Answer: luriecollege@sjsu.edu

Question: Which filmmakers did we speak with to learn more about what motivated them to create their films?
Answer: natalie, jose, and vinson

Question: What else can you watch below the interview?
Answer: individual films

Question: Along with facebook, where can you connect with natalie?
Answer: instagram

Question: Who do you want to connect with on youtube?
Answer: jose

Question: What college is the student social justice short film festival from?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What have our doctoral students been able to complete in place of a more traditional essay dissertation?
Answer: a documentary dissertation

Question: What types of dissertations are available at sjsu.edu/edd/academics/dissertation?
Answer: recent documentary dissertations

Question: How is the ccog funded?
Answer: a sub-award from the center for closing the opportunity gap


Question: Along with dr. dr., who is a notable dr. dr.
Answer: brent duckor

Question: What does ccrees aim to build?
Answer: k-12 capacity

Question: What are some of the credential and certification programs at csu?
Answer: teacher, school counselor, social work, administrative, and educational leadership pathways

Question: What is the serve the servers, train the trainers, support the future leaders model?
Answer: ccree staff and faculty will utilize csu capacity and knowledge networks to advance the pipelines of support for youth in foster care

Question: What does hy stand for?
Answer: homelessness

Question: Who is the focus of the ccree team?
Answer: children who are the most vulnerable

Question: What type of faculty will we engage to deepen their commitment to the elevation of the states most vulnerable youth?
Answer: csu

Question: What two groups are at the center of this work?
Answer: youth in foster care (fy) and youth experiencing homelessness

Question: What is the mission of this project?
Answer: to engage in building a pipeline of support to aid leas


Question: What field of study is duckor a leading scholar in?
Answer: k-12 assessment


Question: What are some of the state and national boards he has served on?
Answer: californias commission on teacher credentialing, the california department of education, the college and career readiness evaluation consortium

Question: Where was he a high school teacher in new york city?
Answer: central park east secondary school

Question: For how many years has dr.
Answer: over 30

Question: Who blends his passion for linking policy with practice?
Answer: duckor

Question: What is another name for dr?
Answer: dr

Question: Who has over 15 years of federal grant administration experience?
Answer: capizzi

Question: What kind of experience does she have?
Answer: in-depth experience working with schools, districts, and counties serving students in foster care and students experiencing homelessness


Question: capizzi's expertise with underserved youth spans what?
Answer: k-12 to higher education

Question: Who has she been a consultant to?
Answer: county offices of education

Question: What does she do for the csu guardian scholars program?
Answer: faculty advisor for the csu guardian scholars program for emancipated foster youth in higher education

Question: What state's department of child and family services did she work for?
Answer: california

Question: When is the call for a doctoral fellowship in the ed.d.?
Answer: december 2020

Question: What is the ed.d. program at san jos state university?
Answer: educational leadership program at san jos state university

Question: What is the educational leadership program at san jos state university?
Answer: ed.d

Question: What two programs are seeking applications for doctoral fellowships?
Answer: leadership program and the center for collaborative research excellence in education

Question: What type of program is offered at san jos state university?
Answer: educational leadership

Question: What type of program is offered at san jos state university?
Answer: educational leadership program

Question: What is the goal of the fellowship?
Answer: to engage in research that addresses and advances equitable outcomes for students experiencing homelessness

Question: What will the fellowship provide?
Answer: advanced training in quantitative and qualitative research

Question: Who will be invited to present outcomes with ed.d?
Answer: fellows

Question: Who speaks to the sjsu community at large as well as at local, state, and national conference venues?
Answer: faculty members

Question: What will be afforded by the ed.d?
Answer: opportunities for publication of dissertation results and findings

Question: What type of program?
Answer: program

Question: What can you find on this announcement?
Answer: more details

Question: Who is the fellowship for?
Answer: newly admitted edd students

Question: What is the deadline to apply for a job?
Answer: the deadline to apply

Question: What should you do with this opportunity?
Answer: share this opportunity widely

Question: Who did the ccree award a 3-year doctoral fellowship to?
Answer: sofia fojas

Question: Along with the leadership program, who was a part of the program?
Answer: connie

Question: What is the name of the college of education?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: What is the name of the college of education?
Answer: lurie


Question: What is the goal of the multi-year fellowship?
Answer: to engage in applied research

Question: What does the fellowship provide?
Answer: advanced training in quantitative and qualitative research methods

Question: Are we pleased or honored to have ms.
Answer: extremely pleased and honored

Question: Who was with us, said duckor?
Answer: sofia fojas

Question: What will i be studying as a doctoral fellow at san jos state university?
Answer: policy for students experiencing homelessness

Question: Are you ready to step into the next phase of your life?
Answer: i am ready to step into the next phase of my life

Question: Why did i choose to pursue my doctoral studies in the ed.d?
Answer: i chose to pursue my doctoral studies

Question: What do i see as an opportunity to serve as a catalyst for?
Answer: large-scale change at the policy level for the most disenfranchised students in our education system

Question: Who did san jos state university award a 3 year doctoral fellowship to?
Answer: rosemarie espinoza

Question: What is the goal of the multi-year fellowship?
Answer: to engage in applied research

Question: Are we pleased or honored to have ms.
Answer: extremely pleased and honored

Question: Who was with us?
Answer: espinoza

Question: What do you do with a duck?
Answer: duck

Question: What university did rosemarie espinoza attend?
Answer: uc santa cruz

Question: What is the abbreviation for ms?
Answer: master of science

Question: What types of settings does espinosa work in?
Answer: social services and educational institutional settings

Question: What is the biggest impact that homelessness has on students?
Answer: lack of knowledge and resources


Question: Along with housing, mental health and childcare, what type of programs does espinoza work to connect students to?
Answer: food

Question: What are rosemaries core values?
Answer: education, advocacy, and social justice

Question: What are some examples of students who are in foster care?
Answer: students who were justice involved, substance-involved, experiencing homelessness

Question: Where does she hope to serve as a doctoral fellow?
Answer: san jos state university


Question: What is espinoza interested in?
Answer: system change


Question: Where is lorri capizzi an assistant professor?
Answer: department of counselor education

Question: What is the time frame for the day of learning on july 29th?
Answer: 9am to 1:00pm

Question: What is included in the price of the lunch?
Answer: free registration

Question: What kind of option is also available?
Answer: virtual

Question: How do you submit a proposal as a speaker?
Answer: to submit a proposal as a speaker

Question: Where can I register as a dr?
Answer: register here

Question: Along with dr. dr., who is a notable dr. dr.
Answer: brent duckor

Question: What was the topic of the webinar?
Answer: "how can teachers, school counselors, & administrators support educational outcomes for students in foster care during extraordinary times?"

Question: When did the ccog launch event take place?
Answer: november

Question: Why did sjsu undergraduate student researchers meet with students across campus?
Answer: to get a deeper understanding of their learning experiences

Question: Who are some of the project's co-researchers?
Answer: leeza xiong, edith urbano, and isabel rangel hernandez

Question: Who is the project coordinator?
Answer: briettny curtner

Question: Who are some of the student co-researchers?
Answer: edith urbano, isabel rangel hernandez, and alberto camacho

Question: What year is alberto camacho graduating?
Answer: 4th year

Question: What do i love to do?
Answer: i love to write

Question: What is a form of teaching that i strongly believe in?
Answer: testimonio

Question: What brings in an entirely different perspective to the classroom?
Answer: testimonio

Question: Who is a senior at Washington University?
Answer: dalia hernandez

Question: Along with new york, what new state did i visit last year?
Answer: tennessee

Question: What motivated me to participate in advocating for student voices?
Answer: an eagerness to gain research experience

Question: What did this project give me a chance to learn about?
Answer: different perspectives

Question: What is edith urbano's major?
Answer: sociology of education

Question: What do i love to do with my friends?
Answer: going thrifting

Question: Why was i motivated to be part of this project?
Answer: to bring the stories of students to life

Question: What is eliana villafuerte's major?
Answer: linguistics

Question: What do you want to let others around the community hear?
Answer: student voices

Question: What did i learn about the process of conducting qualitative research?
Answer: how to be respectful and authentic

Question: Who is senior, design studies major, human systems integration minor?
Answer: octavio martinez

Question: What makes them, them?
Answer: what at their core

Question: What opens the opportunity for that?
Answer: this project

Question: Who is a second year graduate student?
Answer: briettny curtner

Question: What type of research was this my first experience with?
Answer: qualitative

Question: What did spartan do for us?
Answer: it provided the opportunity for me to support students, learn a methodology, and curate authentic representation of each spartan who shared their learning story

Question: What would we love to include in our faces of learning initiative?
Answer: your learning story

Question: What do you need to do in order for us to add it to our webpage?
Answer: complete the form below

Question: What is the name of the person who shared her story with sjsu?
Answer: connie

Question: What promotes equitable, high-quality, inclusive early learning experiences?
Answer: early childhood institute (eci) at sjsu

Question: What is one way to advance an application?
Answer: collaborating with campus and community partners

Question: Who do they benefit?
Answer: educators, young children, and families

Question: Who is eci designed to generate opportunities for interaction with?
Answer: current and past students, sjsu faculty, local early childhood leaders, and practitioners

Question: Our work is informed by what?
Answer: the needs and interests of diverse populations

Question: What school did you attend?
Answer: sjsu

Question: What is the goal for children?
Answer: promoting high-quality early care and learning experiences

Question: What type of network do we build?
Answer: student-alumni

Question: How do children learn from other people?
Answer: verbal and gesture-based communication

Question: Along with education, in what profession does she study the preparation of undergraduate students for careers?
Answer: infant/toddler care

Question: What is the title of the person who is the co-founder and associate of the company?
Answer: director

Question: Who is passionate about the field of special education?
Answer: golloher

Question: What does her current work focus on?
Answer: developing support systems to increase capacity for inclusive practices

Question: Who began her career in child development as the program coordinator for a community based organization?
Answer: slusser

Question: What does her current research explore?
Answer: how cognitive resources drive language learning

Question: What event will bring together faculty, students, and community partners engaged in early childhood research, practice, and advocacy?
Answer: eci

Question: Who is one of our partners?
Answer: connie

Question: Who entered the capitol building to delay the electoral college vote count?
Answer: rioters

Question: What has resulted in a severely compromised system of democracy?
Answer: years of misinformation, polarization and elevated rhetoric

Question: What is the clarion project?
Answer: our civic literacy, actioning, and reasoning in online networks

Question: How many years has democracy existed?
Answer: 435

Question: What do we support youth to do for their communities?
Answer: to become informed, empowered and ethical advocates

Question: What do we begin with?
Answer: students' lived experiences

Question: What kind of skills are needed in the digital age?
Answer: civic engagement

Question: What type of students does he want to see as scientists?
Answer: non-stem

Question: What type of reading does he enjoy?
Answer: deep reading

Question: His contributions reveal the value of what?
Answer: civic discourse

Question: In what type of classrooms does henry discuss pedagogy?
Answer: traditional cs classrooms

Question: What does k stand for?
Answer: mark

Question: felton is a professor of teacher education and faculty associate dean of research in what l?
Answer: connie

Question: What is the name of the college of education at san jos state university?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: What does his work focus on?
Answer: how youth learn to reason with arguments and evidence

Question: What is he particularly interested in understanding in science and history?
Answer: students learn to leverage peer dialogue to arrive at more complex, nuanced or precise conclusions about phenomena in science

Question: What has he extended his work to examine in online settings?
Answer: discourse and reasoning

Question: Where is ellen middaugh an associate professor of child and adolescent development?
Answer: connie

Question: What do youth encounter online?
Answer: misinformation and hostility

Question: What are some of the ways that powerful civic institutions may misrepresent or exclude youth?
Answer: excluded or misrepresented

Question: Who is a child and adolescent development (chad) graduate from san jos state university?
Answer: kristen huey

Question: Who is a child and adolescent development (chad) graduate from san jos state university?
Answer: george franco

Question: Where is he currently attending to obtain his masters in child development with a concentration in early childhood mental health?
Answer: san diego state

Question: What does he want to be?
Answer: licensed professional clinical counselor

Question: What is kristina's bachelor's degree in?
Answer: psychology and child development

Question: Who is she actively working with?
Answer: at-risk youth

Question: Who is interested in participating in studies involving children and adolescents?
Answer: kristina

Question: What is kristina's ambition?
Answer: gain as much research experience as possible


Question: mariah kornbluh is an assistant professor in what department?
Answer: psychology

Question: What is the specialization in applied developmental science of michigan state university?
Answer: ecological community psychology

Question: How many years of experience does she have working with children in schools, afterschool programs, community centers, and head start programs?
Answer: nearly a decade


Question: What does kornbluh's research aim to disrupt?
Answer: educational disparities for racially and ethnically minoritized children, whom often experience institutional and systemic disempowerment,

Question: What has exploded around the world?
Answer: youth activism

Question: What has played an important role in helping youth express their voices?
Answer: social media

Question: What can be brutal and people can feel silenced?
Answer: online comments

Question: What do we ask?
Answer: what creates the conditions for productive online civic discourse

Question: What can you do to learn more?
Answer: watch this video

Question: Who supports the clarion project?
Answer: connie

Question: Who hosts the celebration of teaching?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: How many nominees have been honored with a $1000 scholarship to any lurie college credential program?
Answer: over 250

Question: What do you need to do to be a future educator?
Answer: save the date for our and nominate a promising future educator

Question: marcos pizzaro is associate dean of what university?
Answer: connie

Question: Who did he remember?
Answer: mr

Question: What did camacho remember pizarro honoring him for?
Answer: e teaching him

Question: Who had an impact on me?
Answer: my teachers

Question: Where is camacho completing his student teaching?
Answer: silver creek high school

Question: What do i want for my kids, their families and their communities?
Answer: i want the best

Question: Who planted the seed that i feel the way i do?
Answer: my teachers

Question: Who wrote the full story on the sjsu newsroom blog?
Answer: julia halprin jackson

Question: What is henry fan studying at sjsu?
Answer: computer science

Question: What did henry attend with a grant from the lurie college of education?
Answer: ca steam symposium

Question: Where was vinson v a student?
Answer: evergreen valley high school

Question: At what event was vinson selected to speak?
Answer: the lurie college of education's future of learning summit

Question: Where is the institute for emancipatory education located?
Answer: connie

Question: What college presents dr. martin?
Answer: lurie college of education at san jos state university

Question: Who is j?
Answer: tara

Question: Who is our inaugural distinguished scholar in residence for the 2021-2022 academic year?
Answer: yosso

Question: Who examines access to educational opportunities for students of color at critical transition points in their schooling trajectories?
Answer: yosso

Question: What is the first step from high school to community college?
Answer: baccalaureate

Question: What does her research seek to recover about race, schooling, inequality, and the law?
Answer: counternarratives

Question: What do people of color use to survive and resist racism?
Answer: community cultural wealth


Question: Who conducted a webinar on october 25?
Answer: yosso

Question: Who was the webinar for?
Answer: sjsu

Question: How many areas of her work did yosso discuss?
Answer: three

Question: What did we identify for our own work?
Answer: points of praxis

Question: Why are so many of our p20 students marginalized?
Answer: too many of our p20 students are marginalized and/or multiply-marginalized

Question: What have we been doing for decades?
Answer: tinkering around the edges, providing patchwork programs and band-aid solutions

Question: What will challenge our epistemic framework, prioritize learning in partnership with community, and radically reimagine systems?
Answer: an emancipatory approach

Question: What does iee stand for?
Answer: institute for emancipatory education

Question: What does iee stand for?
Answer: sjsu institute for emancipatory education

Question: What will we support the development of equitable and inclusive educational systems that nurture?
Answer: the creativity and brilliance of all learners

Question: What is the program in which I'm a second-year graduate student?
Answer: speech-language pathology

Question: What is robert abarca pursuing?
Answer: master's of science

Question: How long was i raised in mountain view?
Answer: three years

Question: Why did my parents decide to move?
Answer: my family was living in a one bedroom "shack" with 3 kids

Question: Where did i grow up?
Answer: san mateo

Question: Where did i grow up?
Answer: virginia

Question: Where did i grow up?
Answer: bakersfield, ca.,

Question: Why did i learn about racism and discrimination at such a young age?
Answer: i felt and had seen situations that made me recognize my differences

Question: What made me resent my culture and hate aspects of my life that i am now proud of?
Answer: living in a conservative city

Question: How many surgeries did my mother have?
Answer: over 20 surgeries

Question: In what facility did i spend most of my life?
Answer: hospital

Question: How did i know i needed to be in a hospital?
Answer: i knew from a very young age

Question: What type of education did my parents have?
Answer: high school

Question: Who went to college before me?
Answer: my sister

Question: What was my goal when i came to sjsu?
Answer: becoming a translator for my spanish-speaking community

Question: What did i learn about that changed my life?
Answer: speech-language pathology

Question: What have i been set on doing since i changed my major?
Answer: working in the hospitals

Question: Why did i make it into graduate school?
Answer: i has been an ongoing challenge

Question: Why did i decide to stay at sjsu?
Answer: the diversity rate of the program was higher

Question: Where am i currently working as a speech therapist intern?
Answer: california pacific medical center

Question: What did i not learn in class?
Answer: i work with adults with a variety of diagnosis

Question: What did i do for educational purposes for the communicative disorders & sciences department?
Answer: i finished working alongside the industrial design department to generate 3d models of the esophagus/larynx

Question: What am i currently working on?
Answer: helping students with disability transition

Question: What am i currently working on?
Answer: generating a mentorship program for graduate and undergraduate students

Question: What is the field that inspires me to work in?
Answer: speech-language pathology

Question: Who does not reflect the populations they tend to work for?
Answer: medical professionals

Question: What has led to poor medical resources for underrepresented populations?
Answer: racial and cultural discrimination

Question: How do i continue to find the right to fit my values?
Answer: i continue to find the right to fit my values

Question: What have i worked with professors in our department to highlight in our field and program?
Answer: minoritized voices

Question: What was my final year as an undergraduate student at sjsu?
Answer: i was the nsslha president

Question: Who helped me generate ideas when i was the nsslha president?
Answer: lurie college

Question: How has the university helped me?
Answer: they have provided me with so much support and resources

Question: What is one of my favorite meetings to attend?
Answer: their learning showcases at the end of the semesters

Question: Why is it so amazing to be able to see and learn from so many students?
Answer: being able to see and learn from so many of the students

Question: What do i really enjoy about the university?
Answer: they allow students to propose their research

Question: What does it allow students to do?
Answer: advocate for items that are not fully discussed

Question: What does it mean so much to you?
Answer: it means

Question: What do many feel uncomfortable discussing?
Answer: topics

Question: How did i feel about the podcasts that were originally used to promote the program?
Answer: i enjoy their podcasts

Question: What is the name of the program that discusses important topics that are not covered in our courses?
Answer: emancipatory education program

Question: Why do i apply all discussions in the language that i use?
Answer: i learn about the ever changing language

Question: What is the advice i would give?
Answer: to use your community

Question: What community is very competitive to enter because of the low amount of seats offered in the programs?
Answer: speech-language pathology

Question: What is the problem?
Answer: this

Question: What would i encourage students to challenge by using their voices?
Answer: their ideals

Question: Who can you reach out to to help draft a message?
Answer: facility

Question: Does the department always want to know how they can improve?
Answer: department always wants to know how they can improve

Question: Is learning a one-time event?
Answer: learning is a ongoing and never stops

Question: What can you do to use your voice powerfully?
Answer: learn to use your voice

Question: What is the title of the person who studied child development in san jose?
Answer: masters in special education

Question: What type of schooling did i attend?
Answer: secondary

Question: What was i able to learn about from my undergraduate?
Answer: children and adolescents

Question: What is the allowance for someone to do the same thing regardless of their physical, physical appearance, sex or cognitive abilities?
Answer: emancipatory education

Question: What would i ask students to do to get experience in different settings?
Answer: i would ask students to get experience in different settings

Question: What type of college did i attend before transferring to sjus?
Answer: community college

Question: Did i ever know what i wanted to do with youth?
Answer: never

Question: Who helped me understand what my passion is?
Answer: community college counselor

Question: Who was the other person who had a positive impact on me?
Answer: high school counselor

Question: What did i want to pursue a career in?
Answer: advising/counseling

Question: Along with the others in my organization, who inspires me to work in this field?
Answer: students

Question: What is it about the people who work here?
Answer: the realization of the need for this program,

Question: When did i first begin as an intern?
Answer: fall 2021

Question: Why did i want to work with youth?
Answer: i have always wanted to work with youth and support them on their educational pathways

Question: What college did I attend?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What did i learn important concepts relating to?
Answer: youth development

Question: What has the book helped me do
Answer: it has helped me gain a better understanding of youth behaviors

Question: What was a requirement for one of the senior classes?
Answer: sign up for an internship

Question: What is the name of the organization i interned for?
Answer: that internship ended up being the organization where i am now a full time staff member

Question: What does it mean to me when a student takes control of their education while teachers and educators act as guides?
Answer: emancipatory education

Question: What is my advice?
Answer: to keep working really hard

Question: What do you want to do in order to be able to help more students in the future?
Answer: try to get as much experience as you can with the age group of students you want to work with

Question: What does not mean you're not qualified?
Answer: just because you're young

Question: What credential do i have in child and adolescent development?
Answer: special education

Question: What type of school system am i a product of?
Answer: public school system

Question: What university did i attend after high school?
Answer: sjsu

Question: Where did i teach for two years after i took a break from school?
Answer: thailand

Question: What did i decide to pursue a masters in?
Answer: special education

Question: What credential will i have in 2021?
Answer: teaching credential

Question: What type of teacher am i?
Answer: resource

Question: What type of therapist did i used to be?
Answer: aba

Question: Who inspires me?
Answer: my students

Question: Why do i stay in the field?
Answer: i enjoy advocating for my students

Question: What college has amazing professors?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What is very meaningful to me?
Answer: the setoc (special ed teacher of color group)

Question: What means going against the education system?
Answer: emancipatory education

Question: What do we encourage by empowering those around us?
Answer: emancipatory education

Question: What would i tell students to remember to do?
Answer: take care of themselves

Question: What degree did i have?
Answer: masters in special education

Question: What degree did i get in communications?
Answer: bachelors

Question: What did i do after i found a love for teaching?
Answer: i found a love for teaching and from there i went to get my credential and my masters in special education for students with mild to moderate disabilities

Question: How many grades have i taught?
Answer: almost every grade

Question: What did i find by trying different grades, trying different programs and just seeing where i felt the biggest difference?
Answer: i found the right fit

Question: What college did i attend?
Answer: lurie college

Question: Whose love and support pushes me to give to my students?
Answer: professors

Question: What type of research group did I become a part of?
Answer: disability

Question: What race of teacher does it mean a lot to me?
Answer: black

Question: What was the only time my culture was talked about in my classrooms?
Answer: black history month

Question: Why is it important for me to include all different cultures in my classroom?
Answer: to educate my students that they are understanding

Question: What do i want students to know that is important to celebrate?
Answer: their differences

Question: What do you need to bring to your classroom?
Answer: whole heart

Question: What do you never know about your presence and love for students?
Answer: never know what your presence and love can do for students who have never experienced it

Question: Do you limit your students or do you inspire them to achieve what?
Answer: inspire them to achieve whatever

Question: What does oakland mean to me?
Answer: emancipatory leadership

Question: Why did i have a lot of access to books, oral history, and travel with family?
Answer: my family places high value on both formal education and life education, so i had a lot of access to books, oral history, and travel with family

Question: What type of class did i end up teaching?
Answer: science

Question: Who are the best educators?
Answer: the ones who never planned to be

Question: What am i currently serving as in ousd?
Answer: an elementary network partner

Question: How many principals do i support?
Answer: 15

Question: Is it awesome or awful?
Answer: awesome

Question: What do i hope to do for the principals i work with?
Answer: i hope i'm making their lives easier

Question: What position found me?
Answer: i think this position

Question: What are my core values?
Answer: integrity, relationships

Question: What program helped me bring my story into the work i do?
Answer: emancipatory leadership

Question: Along with our research projects, what was one of the most important activities?
Answer: story of self

Question: What means freedom of access?
Answer: emancipatory education

Question: What does it mean to me to believe that my students and community are not empty vessels waiting for traditional education to make them "whole"?
Answer: i believe my students and community are not empty vessels waiting for traditional education

Question: What does it mean when we dive into building schema for how learning happens?
Answer: freedom

Question: What should you do first?
Answer: listen

Question: You can't enter a community with what?
Answer: all the answers

Question: Who can you learn from?
Answer: people who know the community

Question: What is the abbreviation for child and adolescent development?
Answer: ba

Question: What type of education did i receive from sjsu?
Answer: ma

Question: In what sector did i begin my career?
Answer: non-profit

Question: What county am i employed by?
Answer: county of santa clara

Question: Where am i a program manager?
Answer: valley medical center

Question: What is my primary focus?
Answer: community-based covid-19 testing

Question: What have i always been passionate about?
Answer: serving my communities

Question: Where did the right fit come from?
Answer: the most unexpected place

Question: Why does my role fit my values and interests?
Answer: i'm still getting to work with the community

Question: What type of student was i?
Answer: hardcore commuter

Question: How often did i go to campus to attend class?
Answer: every day

Question: What college has loads of meaningful activities?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What college afforded me a wide range of classes from many different professors?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What did i appreciate about lurie college?
Answer: diversity

Question: How many times have i been able to return to the college?
Answer: multiple

Question: What is the name of the college?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What is the name of the college?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: What is emancipatory education to me?
Answer: nonhierarchical

Question: How do i apply this as a manager?
Answer: by making time to connect with all of my staff

Question: What do i look to them as?
Answer: experts of their worksites

Question: What do we implement?
Answer: various systems for staff to provide feedback

Question: Who has something to offer and share?
Answer: everyone

Question: Keep yourself open to experiences and what else?
Answer: opportunities

Question: What would i have never done on my own to get where i am today?
Answer: i would never have pursued

Question: What presented itself and i took it?
Answer: an opportunity

Question: What has it turned out to be?
Answer: one of my greatest decisions

Question: What do you need to do to try new things?
Answer: keep an open mind

Question: What is the name of the institute for emancipatory education at the sjsu lurie college of education?
Answer: institute for emancipatory education

Question: What is another name for d?
Answer: lori

Question: What is patton's profession?
Answer: dr

Question: What is another name for ishwanzya?
Answer: ishwanzya

Question: What is a dr?
Answer: rivers

Question: What is the name of the farmer-hinton, dr?
Answer: raguel

Question: Who is dr. joi lewis and who is dr. dallas watson?
Answer: dallas watson,

Question: Along with haynes and dr. dr. what is the name of dr. dr. dr. dr.
Answer: chayala

Question: What is the name of the s?
Answer: toby

Question: What is the name of the institute for emancipatory education at sjsu's lurie college of education?
Answer: institute for emancipatory education

Question: What does crt stand for?
Answer: critical race theory

Question: What do those who experience isolation, marginalization and dehumanization experience?
Answer: white supremacy

Question: What must we be willing to do?
Answer: to take away lessons of history to build a praxis (action and reflection in the world in order to change it)

Question: What is central moving forward?
Answer: any struggle for change, time, space and will

Question: Who is our inaugural distinguished scholar in residence?
Answer: yosso


Question: Who led the webinar "emancipatory education from theory to praxis: community cultural wealth, counterstorytelling, and critical race media literacy?
"

Answer: yosso

Question: Who led the webinar with yosso?
Answer: tara

Question: What three areas of her work did yosso discuss?
Answer: community cultural wealth, counterstorytelling, and critical race media literacy


Question: Who examines access to educational opportunities for students of color at critical transition points in their schooling trajectories?
Answer: yosso

Question: Where is the intersectional disability studies strand located?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of educations institute for emancipatory education

Question: Where is the intersectional disability studies strand located?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education's institute for emancipatory education

Question: What does the strand provide
Answer: our strand provides specific resources and support to engage intersectional disability studies

Question: In what year was lydia x.z. included in our speaers?
Answer: fall 2021

Question: What is the focus of brown's work?
Answer: focuses on interpersonal and state violence against disabled people

Question: How did i feel about the experience of meeting and connecting with great people?
Answer: i really, really enjoyed

Question: Who shared what problems they had faced?
Answer: everybody

Question: What does rep4 stand for?
Answer: rapid education prototyping

Question: What academic year does sjsu transition away from?
Answer: 2020-2021

Question: What is betina hsieh's job title?
Answer: associate professor of teacher education

Question: When will the summer 2021 series take place?
Answer: fall 2021

Question: What does the region have issues with?
Answer: internet access

Question: Who did eduardo muoz-munoz collaborate with?
Answer: california assemblymember robert rivas

Question: What are many looking forward to a time when we can go back to normal in education?
Answer: many are looking forward to a time when we can go back to normal in education

Question: What wasn't working for too many of our children, youth and families?
Answer: "normal"

Question: Who does sec have a series of conversations with?
Answer: nationally recognized speakers

Question: Who is the king of kings?
Answer: john

Question: What type of education system did ladson-billings want?
Answer: more equitable and emancipatory

Question: What did sjsu establish in summer 2020?
Answer: k-12 teaching academy

Question: How many times have our webinars been viewed?
Answer: over 25,000

Question: How many times have our webinars been viewed?
Answer: nearly 30,000

Question: What is the name of the website where our webinars have been featured?
Answer: covid-19

Question: What is the name of the student-led initiative that was established in fall 2020?
Answer: emancipatory education now

Question: What did the arts-based research initiative do?
Answer: elicited student voices

Question: Why did sjsu undergraduate student researchers meet with students in the fall 2019 and spring 2020 semesters?
Answer: to get a deeper understanding of their learning experiences

Question: What did attendees and speakers discuss at the fall 2019 summit?
Answer: how we learn today and consider how teaching and learning can and should evolve

Question: How many featured speakers did the sjsu newsroom feature?
Answer: 10

Question: What will sjsu focus on research and innovation designed to center?
Answer: learners who have historically been disenfranchised in educational spaces, learners who are black, indigenous and people of color

Question: What posits that by focusing on the extreme user when seeking to redesign products, systems, and structures, it is possible to develop radically new approaches?
Answer: design theory

Question: What will our efforts at radical educational transformation do?
Answer: support the re-design of educational systems, structures, and spaces

Question: What will we do to partner with learners, their families, and community leaders to ask hard questions?
Answer: assess existing educational systems, structures, policies, and practices

Question: In the traditional exploitative model of research, who has the locus of control?
Answer: the locus of control rests with the researchers

Question: What will we recognize and value as essential to the work?
Answer: their expertise

Question: What will we do from preschool to k-12 schools and school districts to community colleges and universities?
Answer: bridge boundaries across institutions

Question: What prevents us from learning from one another?
Answer: the silos that currently exist in research, policy, and practice across these sectors

Question: Who will we convene to explore common concerns, questions, successes, and solutions?
Answer: students and families from across the p20 spectrum

Question: What will our researchers and leaders explore?
Answer: alternative approaches that are more responsive to student demands and degree requirements for career pathways

Question: What is needed in our approach to learning?
Answer: radical transformation

Question: What will we expose?
Answer: existing inequities and explore questions of what it means to tear down racist, sexist, misogynistic, xenophobic, and homophobic structures

Question: What does cbpr stand for?
Answer: community-based participatory research

Question: What will we advance through educator preparation, professional learning, and advocacy?
Answer: emancipatory pedagogies

Question: Along with other historically marginalized students, who will the institute work with to develop inclusive, anti-bias, anti-racist pedagogies?
Answer: bipoc

Question: Who will the institute-affiliated faculty and students share the results of their work with?
Answer: practitioners, researchers, policymakers, and bipoc communities

Question: What type of pedagogies are ethnic studies, culturally sustaining stem pedagogies, and the institute for teachers of color?
Answer: emancipatory pedagogies

Question: What type of education will we be a national center of excellence for researching, cultivating, and advocating for?
Answer: emancipatory

Question: What are the priorities of the institute?
Answer: equity-driven priorities

Question: What are some approaches that may be used to support dissemination?
Answer: a journal of emancipatory education, convenings, and visiting scholars

Question: What principles will this alliance use to codesign new ideas for education?
Answer: liberatory design

Question: What is the purpose of the learner design summit?
Answer: to collaborate and design creative proposals to address existing challenges in the higher education system

Question: Who did the student design leaders present their proposals to?
Answer: the sjsu president and senior administration

Question: Who is the college design leader?
Answer: dean chen

Question: Who is the college design leader?
Answer: jc jacinto

Question: Who is the college design leader?
Answer: rizwana balkish

Question: Who will sponsor the reading materials and laptops for the course?
Answer: sjsu

Question: What would happen to students as a result of student interns?
Answer: students would gain access to subsidized required resources

Question: Why is it difficult for students to decide which colleges and majors to apply to?
Answer: limited exposure to the college experience, it can be challenging for students to be able to decide if college is for them

Question: What types of schools will be able to shadow sjsu mentors?
Answer: middle school, high school, and community college

Question: What university will future students have the opportunity to shadow?
Answer: sjsu

Question: Who will students be matched with?
Answer: an experienced college mentor

Question: What will students do in order to increase the app's potential impact?
Answer: students will redesign the app to make it more user friendly

Question: What will be built so that students can immediately find the information they require?
Answer: a universal chat feature

Question: What is the name of the function whereby students can be matched with other students, staff, and faculty to help them adjust to and be successful in college?
Answer: a mentorship function

Question: What is the concept for this prototype?
Answer: to develop a career path support program for underrepresented minority students

Question: How is this done?
Answer: website guides, course maps, and brochures

Question: What does sjsu give to its students?
Answer: financial and career security

Question: What can students do after their internship?
Answer: explore other careers

Question: Who does this help ensure is set up for success after graduation?
Answer: underrepresented minority students

Question: What does the strand provide
Answer: our strand provides specific resources and support to engage intersectional disability studies

Question: Who did x.z learn from?
Answer: lydia

Question: Along with interpersonal violence, what does brown's work focus on?
Answer: state violence

Question: Who is @autistichoya?
Answer: lydia

Question: What is another name for lydia?
Answer: lydia

Question: What color is the esq?
Answer: brown,

Question: Who is an advocate, organizer, attorney, strategist, and writer whose work focuses on interpersonal and state violence against disabled people?
Answer: autistichoya.net

Question: What is the name of the nonbinary network they are the director of policy, advocacy, and external affairs for?
Answer: autistic women

Question: Who is an adjunct lecturer and core faculty in georgetowns disability studies program?
Answer: lydia

Question: What are their roles on the american bar associations commission on disability rights?
Answer: american bar associations commission on disability rights, chairperson of the aba civil rights & social justice sections disability rights committee, board member of the disability rights bar association, and representative for the disability justice committee to the national lawyers guilds national executive committee

Question: Who founded the fund for community reparations for autistic people of colors interdependence, survival, and empowerment?
Answer: lydia

Question: Who is the past chairperson of the massachusetts developmental disabilities council?
Answer: lydia

Question: What is the most important thing a writer does that isn't a job title, job description, or funding?
Answer: their most important work has no title, job description, or funding,

Question: What is alice wong's career?
Answer: disabled activist, writer, editor, media maker, consultant, and founder and director of the disability visibility project

Question: Who do you want to connect with on twitter?
Answer: alice

Question: Along with asl interpreters, what other service will be provided?
Answer: live captioning

Question: What is the email address to email if you need additional accommodations?
Answer: luriecollege@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is a disabled activist, writer, media maker, and consultant?
Answer: alice wong

Question: What is the disability visibility project?
Answer: an online community dedicated to creating, sharing, and amplifying disability media and culture

Question: How many projects is alice a co-partner in?
Answer: four

Question: Whose areas of interest are popular culture, media, politics, disability representation, politics, storytelling, and activism?
Answer: alices

Question: What is the name of the cnn original series?
Answer: united shades of america

Question: In what year did she graduate from indiana university?
Answer: 1997

Question: What field of study does she have a ms in?
Answer: medical sociology

Question: What did she co-author during that time?
Answer: online curricula for the community living policy center, a rehabilitation research and training center funded by the national institute on disability, independent living, and rehabilitation research

Question: What award did alice receive in 2011?
Answer: disability service award by the university of california, san francisco

Question: When did alice serve as a member of the national council on disability?
Answer: 2013 to 2015

Question: Who was alice's 2016 aapd recipient?
Answer: paul

Question: What is the hearne leadership award?
Answer: an award for emerging leaders with disabilities who exemplify leadership, advocacy, and dedication to the broader cross-disability community

Question: What podcast did alice launch in 2017?
Answer: disability visibility podcast

Question: In what year was alice featured in the bitch 50?
Answer: 2018

Question: Who named alice as one of 16 people fighting for equality in america?
Answer: time magazine

Question: Who wrote the essays for #ada30incolor?
Answer: disabled people of color

Question: What magazine did alice appear on the cover of?
Answer: british vogues

Question: What was the name of the book she guest edited for the pop culture collaborative?
Answer: break the story

Question: Who gave alice a grant?
Answer: the ford foundation

Question: Whose foundation is the foundation for the mellon foundation?
Answer: mellon

Question: What award did alice receive from indiana university?
Answer: bicentennial medal

Question: Who named her a changemaker in 2021?
Answer: marie claire

Question: Who is the editor of disability visibility: first-person stories from the twenty-first century?
Answer: alice

Question: What is the name of the memoir she is currently working on?
Answer: year of the tiger

Question: What does she work as as a side hustle?
Answer: research consultant

Question: Who is donato-sapp?
Answer: 12-year old helena lourdes

Question: Who is donato-sapp?
Answer: helena lourdes


Question: What is the name of the s?
Answer: saili

Question: Who is an associate professor at the sjsu lurie college of education?
Answer: kulkarni

Question: Her research highlights the intersections of what in teacher education?
Answer: disability and race

Question: What is the abbreviation for disability studies critical race theory?
Answer: discrit


Question: Who examines restorative and humanizing practices for young children with disabilities?
Answer: kulkarni


Question: Who is an assistant professor at the sjsu lurie college of education?
Answer: sudha krishnan

Question: What is sudhas research focused on?
Answer: literacy practices using pedagogies based on socio-cultural theory

Question: What is she interested in doing?
Answer: interrogating the deficit thinking surrounding students with disabilities

Question: What is the term used to describe the use of special education students with extensive support needs?
Answer: constructivism

Question: What college is sudha keen to forward the equity and justice orientation of?
Answer: college of education

Question: Are people looking forward to a time when they can go back to normal in education?
Answer: many are looking forward to a time when we can go back to normal

Question: Through what lens will speakers and emerging voices share their visions for post-covid education?
Answer: an emancipatory lens

Question: Who sponsored the speaker series?
Answer: connie

Question: Who is gloria ladson-billings?
Answer: @gjladson

Question: During what time period did she serve as president of the aera?
Answer: 2005-2006

Question: What type of students did ladson-billings study?
Answer: african american

Question: What is the name of the theory that is applied to education?
Answer: critical race theory

Question: What type of books is she the author of?
Answer: critically acclaimed books

Question: What journal is she the former editor of?
Answer: american educational research journal

Question: Her work has won what?
Answer: numerous scholarly awards

Question: Along with the romnes faculty fellowship and the naed/spencer postdoctoral fellowship, what is the name of the o fellowship?
Answer: palmer

Question: What award did johnson receive?
Answer: outstanding research

Question: Where was she a fellow during the 2003-2004 academic year?
Answer: the center for advanced study in the behavioral sciences

Question: What award did she receive from the council on anthropology and education in 2004?
Answer: the george and louise spindler award

Question: What is the name of the university she holds an honorary degree from in baltimore?
Answer: morgan state university

Question: In what year was she elected to the american academy of arts & sciences?
Answer: 2018

Question: What is jonathan rosa's twitter handle?
Answer: @drjonathanrosa

Question: What is the interplay between in urban contexts?
Answer: youth socialization, raciolinguistic formations, and structural inequity

Question: Why does rosa collaborate with local communities?
Answer: to track these phenomena and develop tools for understanding and eradicating the forms of disparity

Question: What reflects a vision of scholarship as a platform for imagining and enacting more just societies?
Answer: community-based approach to research, teaching, and service


Question: Where has rosa's research been published?
Answer: scholarly journals

Question: In addition to his formal research, what type of research does dr.
Answer: scholarly

Question: Who is an ongoing participant in public intellectual projects focused on race, education, language, and (im)migration?
Answer: rosa

Question: Where has latinxs' work been featured?
Answer: media outlets

Question: Who is the author of the book yarimar bonilla & marisol lebrn?
Answer: elizabeth povinelli

Question: Who was king before jr?
Answer: king

Question: Who is the president and ceo of the education trust?
Answer: @johnbking

Question: How many times did king serve in the cabinet of president barack obama?
Answer: 10th

Question: What is the title of the person in charge of education?
Answer: secretary

Question: Who did president obama call an exceptionally talented educator?
Answer: king

Question: Who wrote 'and they cared: how to create better, safer learning environments for girls of color'?
Answer: kayla patrick, adaku onyeka-crawford, and nancy duchesneau

Question: What is the name of the d?
Answer: leslie

Question: What is gonzales' twitter handle?
Answer: @ldgonzales1

Question: Along with gender in a global context, what type of studies does she teach?
Answer: chicano/latinx

Question: What role has gonzales served since february 2020?
Answer: faculty excellence advocate

Question: Who is committed to building an academic profession that honors the contributions that scholars of color bring to the academy?
Answer: gonzales

Question: What does gonzales focus on in her research?
Answer: evaluation practices, departmental, disciplinary, and organizational cultures, and faculty experiences

Question: Where are scholars of color most likely to be educated?
Answer: historically under-resourced institutions

Question: What does gonzales work to unsettle?
Answer: exclusionary practices and norms

Question: How much money is aspire worth?
Answer: multi-million-dollar

Question: Who was the father of gonzales?
Answer: thomas

Question: gonzales and what other d?
Answer: louise

Question: What does gonzales owe to gonzales?
Answer: her love of learning

Question: Who is partnered with ruben flores, jr.?
Answer: gonzales

Question: Who is the mother of sudeshna?
Answer: gonzales

Question: What is another name for anzalda?
Answer: anzalda,

Question: In what year was it?
Answer: (1987)

Question: What is borderlands/la frontera?
Answer: the new mestiza

Question: What type of books do aunts read?
Answer: lute

Question: What is another name for bernal?
Answer: delgado

Question: What is another name for bernal?
Answer: bernal,


Question: In what year was the most recent year?
Answer: (2002)

Question: What kind of knowledge do faculty of color struggle over?
Answer: legitimate"

Question: What is the length of the line?
Answer: , (2), 169-180

Question: What is another name for r?
Answer: s., schuck,

Question: What is another name for r?
Answer: s., & schuck,

Question: What is another name for r?
Answer: mckay,

Question: What is another name for r?
Answer: burciaga,

Question: What is another name for r?
Answer: quintanar-sarellana,

Question: What is the name of the artist who died in 2021?
Answer: tavares,

Question: What is the name of the company that was founded in 2021?
Answer: tavares, a.,

Question: What does coraje y amor cultivate through cultural intuition?
Answer: leadership

Question: What is the name of the person who wrote a book about s and s?
Answer: martinez

Question: Who edited the book?
Answer: mndez-morse

Question: What type of publishing age is 53-65?
Answer: information age

Question: What is an example of a clause?
Answer: clauset,

Question: In what profession is there systematic inequality and hierarchy in hiring networks?
Answer: faculty

Question: What is another name for dotson?
Answer: dotson,

Question: What is another way to track epistemic violence?
Answer: practices of silencing

Question: What is the number of pages in the journal?
Answer: , (2), 236-257

Question: Who are the authors of the book?
Answer: j., choi, k., & walker

Question: Who are the authors of the book?
Answer: finkelstein, m., conley, v., schuster, j

Question: Who are the authors of the book?
Answer: t., byrne-jimnez, m.,

Question: taking the measure of what?
Answer: faculty diversity

Question: Who published the full report?
Answer: tiaa institute


Question: What is the purpose of faculty sensemaking and mission creep?
Answer: interrogating institutionalized ways of knowing and doing legitimacy

Question: What is the range of pages in?
Answer: 179-209

Question: What is another name for gonzales?
Answer: gonzales,

Question: What year?
Answer: (2013)

Question: What year?
Answer: (2021)

Question: What year?
Answer: (2022)

Question: What year?
Answer: (2015)

Question: What type of institutions are spaces for fostering epistemic justice?
Answer: hispanic-serving institutions


Question: What is the intellectual work of women about boundaries?
Answer: subverting and minding

Question: What is the address of the company?
Answer: , (5), 677-701

Question: What is another name for a b?
Answer: hooks,

Question: What is another name for routledge?
Answer: routledge

Question: What is another name for liera?
Answer: liera,

Question: In what year will a new year take place?
Answer: (2020)

Question: What is an example of a culture of niceness?
Answer: faculty hiring

Question: During what time period did?
Answer: 1954-1994

Question: What is another name for m?
Answer: ortega,

Question: What is another name for m?
Answer: fusaro,

Question: What is another name for m?
Answer: smith

Question: In what state is the state of university located?
Answer: new york

Question: What are the names of the people who wrote the book?
Answer: h., jones, m

Question: What is another name for n?
Answer: k., buchanan,

Question: What is the first letter of the alphabet?
Answer: t.,

Question: What is another term for epistemic exclusion?
Answer: scholar

Question: What is fabiola's twitter handle?
Answer: @fabibagulaphd

Question: What do we believe about leadership?
Answer: leadership comes from the inside out, and we pay close attention to our own personal development and understanding

Question: What is fabiola's position in the sjsu department of educational leadership?
Answer: adjunct faculty

Question: What is rebeca burciaga's twitter handle?
Answer: @qvo

Question: What does her current project focus on?
Answer: culturally sustaining approaches


Question: What type of methodologies does burciagas specialize in?
Answer: qualitative methodologies

Question: What type of funding has supported her research?
Answer: highly competitive funding

Question: What is the name of the person who is a part of the group?
Answer: melissa

Question: What is martinez's twitter handle?
Answer: @mamartinezphd

Question: What type of teacher is she?
Answer: bilingual

Question: Where did she earn her b.a.?
Answer: university of texas at austin

Question: What year was the m.ed. published?
Answer: (1998)

Question: Where is brownsville located?
Answer: university of texas

Question: What does her research focus on along the p-16 education pipeline?
Answer: equity and access issues

Question: Along with teaching, what is dr. Schaeffer's other profession?
Answer: research

Question: Who is committed to preparing future educational leaders who are thoughtful, critical, and reflective?
Answer: martinez

Question: Who is a retired associate professor in the department of educational psychology at texas tech university?
Answer: sylvia mendez-morse


Question: What type of studies does mendez-morse conduct?
Answer: phenomenological

Question: What is the name of the prek-8 dual language school that ana is the principal of?
Answer: rafael hernndez

Question: What university did ana graduate from?
Answer: harvard

Question: When did ana join the hernndez school?
Answer: 2011

Question: What type of education is offered to all students at anas?
Answer: bilingual public education

Question: What type of studies did ana recently begin?
Answer: doctoral

Question: What is the name of the author of the book 'Tavernas, a., and burciaga, r.'?
Answer: burciaga, r.,

Question: What is the sisterhood of sisterhood a testimonio of?
Answer: pedagogy

Question: What is another term for elenes?
Answer: elenes,

Question: Who is s?
Answer: godinez, &

Question: What is the title of villenas' book?
Answer: feminista perspectives on pedagogy and epistemology

Question: What is the code for the number of 133142?
Answer: 133142

Question: What is the name of the university in albany, ny?
Answer: state university of new york

Question: Who is the author of 'Employing multilevel intersectionality in educational research: latino identities, contexts, and college access'?
Answer: anne-marie nez

Question: Who wrote about social divisions, intersectionality and levels of analysis?
Answer: floya anthias

Question: What is another name for tenacidad?
Answer: ternura

Question: What is the name of the organization that publishes the journal?
Answer: association of mexican american educators

Question: Who is m?
Answer: martinez,

Question: What type of school leaders can we learn from?
Answer: latina

Question: What is the focus of the magazine?
Answer: educational administration

Question: What is the DOI for mendez-morse?
Answer: https://doi.org/10.1177/0013161x19866491

Question: What type of educational leaders are role models and mentors?
Answer: latina

Question: What is the subject of the article?
Answer: science

Question: What is the subject of the article?
Answer: educational administration

Question: What are some examples of e?
Answer: mndez-morse, s., murakami,


Question: Who is in the principals office?
Answer: mujeres

Question: Journal of education for what group, 14(3), 171187?
Answer: latinos


Question: Who is a professor of psychology at the university of alaska anchorage?
Answer: @ejrdavid

Question: How many books has david published on racial or ethnic minority psychology?
Answer: four

Question: What type of publishing was published in 2014?
Answer: information age

Question: Which publishing company published in 2017?
Answer: springer

Question: Which publishing company published in 2018?
Answer: springer

Question: What kind of press is there?
Answer: suny

Question: Who is the author of the book?
Answer: roxanne dunbar-ortiz

Question: What is the name of the book by e.j.r.?
Answer: kellogg truth, racial healing, and transformation

Question: Who did e.j.r. write about?
Answer: david

Question: What is david sjsu's wife's name?
Answer: connie

Question: What can you listen to after reading the coverage by the sjsu newsroom?
Answer: guest speakers' talks

Question: Who discusses preparing for the future, overcoming stereotypes, and more?
Answer: sabrina

Question: Who discusses personal adversity, caring educators, and more?
Answer: vinson

Question: What is arun ramanathan's vision for the world?
Answer: a world without labels

Question: Who discusses harnessing creativity, free pizza, and more?
Answer: shar

Question: Who discusses her vision for the future of learning to practice democracy?
Answer: ellen

Question: Who discusses his vision for the future of deeper learning?
Answer: kent

Question: Who discusses the future of people, defining learning, and more?
Answer: christopher

Question: Who discusses who deserves to learn?
Answer: valerie

Question: What does irene discuss in education?
Answer: disrupting systemic barriers

Question: What was the name of the person who had an impact on the impact?
Answer: connie

Question: What college extends far beyond the borders of sweeney hall?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: How many of our initiatives are listed below?
Answer: several

Question: What type of approach does lurie college take in its teaching, scholarship, and service?
Answer: emancipatory

Question: What college hosts the celebration of teaching each year at sjsu?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: Who did we ask to nominate students that possess qualities to become transformative future educators?
Answer: middle school teachers, high school teachers, community college faculty, and sjsu faculty

Question: How many nominees were honored with a $1000 scholarship?
Answer: 41

Question: What does clarion stand for?
Answer: civic literacy, actioning, and reasoning in online networks

Question: What is a unique collaboration between faculty and students from the programs of child & adolescent development, speech-language pathology, and clinical psychology?
Answer: the hd clinic

Question: What will the hd clinic promote?
Answer: equity in access to high-quality, preventative, and family-centered interprofessional care

Question: What will guide intervention and collaboration building on existing strengths, protective factors, social support, and community resources?
Answer: culturally sustaining practices and trauma-informed care

Question: What is our goal?
Answer: to create more equitable and inclusive educational systems

Question: What is an intergenerational community-based collective of black and other indigenous co-conspiratorial educators, elders, and healing practitioners?
Answer: the institute for regenerative futures

Question: What are the impacts of anti-blackness and colonization?
Answer: psychological, emotional, and physiological

Question: In what year did we establish our free k-12 teaching academy?
Answer: 2020

Question: What does qecn stand for?
Answer: the queer educators and counselors network

Question: What do we provide to help students, faculty, and staff examine their own understandings of gender and sexuality?
Answer: support, training, and resources

Question: How do we hope to empower our community and world?
Answer: individual and group support, professional development opportunities, research activities, and advocacy,

Question: Who has created summer opportunities for current credential candidates, sjsu alumni, and teachers in partner districts?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education

Question: What college is organizing a student social justice short film festival?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What forces are we trying to counter?
Answer: destabilize our self-determination

Question: What do we seek through memory, research, grounded practice and service?
Answer: to regenerate futures

Question: What type of practice is crc committed to?
Answer: grounded practice

Question: What is care work?
Answer: community-centered praxis

Question: What is the name of the university that the crc is listening to?
Answer: san jose state university

Question: In what area of san jose will research fellows meet monthly to listen to the concerns of residents?
Answer: east san jose

Question: Who provides financial support and university accountability to the project?
Answer: san jose state university

Question: What does the bfl support
Answer: bfl supports ongoing research and memory that disrupts the policies and practices compromising black futures

Question: Why is the bfl developing a black wellness framework?
Answer: to disrupt racial/ethnic health disparities

Question: Who works with dreamers who understand the limitations of schooling?
Answer: tuc

Question: How does tuc advance the movement for school abolition?
Answer: tuc advances the movement for school abolition

Question: Where is the uc working this year?
Answer: san francisco bay area

Question: What is one way the study measures the efficacy of the health-based educational intervention for teachers?
Answer: the study and measurement of telomeres

Question: What can chronic alterations in the stress response lead to?
Answer: high and sustained levels of stress hormones

Question: What does cortisol result in?
Answer: accelerated cellular aging

Question: What year was it?
Answer: 2006

Question: What are the protective caps on chromosomes that guard against cell deterioration?
Answer: telomeres

Question: What does research link the lengthening of telomeres to?
Answer: compassion based practices


Question: What will the study analyze in addition to telomere measurement?
Answer: changes in classroom practice, teacher self-perception of wellness


Question: Who is an equity-minded scholar-practitioner with expertise in organizational leadership, counseling, and student affairs?
Answer: emerald templeton

Question: What type of students does she center in her work?
Answer: marginalized

Question: Where does she currently serve as an administrator over educational partnerships?
Answer: california community college

Question: What does her scholarship focus on?
Answer: the logics of valuing diversity, black feminisms, and women facing intersectional oppression

Question: What is the hub of our country's technological giants?
Answer: hub of our country's technological giants

Question: What county does the privileged population thrive in?
Answer: santa clara

Question: What should everyone be afforded equitable opportunities to do through higher education?
Answer: pursue their ambitions

Question: What am i proud of?
Answer: first-generation mexican american

Question: Where did i complete the credential program?
Answer: san jose state university

Question: What do i teach in a culturally rich middle school in milpitas?
Answer: social studies

Question: What do my students examine the history of in our country?
Answer: social inequities

Question: What do i see in my students?
Answer: effective community leaders who organize with purpose, entrepreneurs who aren't afraid to dream big, and kind individuals who dare to demonstrate empathy

Question: Why did eden see the effects of gentrification?
Answer: influx of corporations in the bay area

Question: Who helped eden become more grounded in building equitable communities?
Answer: educators, healers, and caretakers

Question: What was Sarah's job during her undergraduate years?
Answer: a case manager for individuals experiencing vehicular houselessness

Question: What did she recognize for black individuals seeking their own support?
Answer: limitations of a racial lens to service provision

Question: What race of people is she excited to continue her service to?
Answer: black

Question: What two things do i often find myself drawn to and affiliated with?
Answer: justice and liberation

Question: What do i want black, brown, and queer folk to have futures rooted in?
Answer: healing, love, and community

Question: What are some of the ways i hold space for folks to come?
Answer: i am a writer, relationship builder, and a person who holds space for folks to come

Question: What is marcelo clark's ethnicity?
Answer: afro-puerto

Question: What two subjects did he study for his ba?
Answer: sociology and african american studies

Question: What does his work interrogate within afro-diasporic religious spaces in los angeles?
Answer: whiteness

Question: What has built his vision for equitable communities and justice?
Answer: his spiritual grounding and work with community organizations

Question: Where is alina a student?
Answer: san jose state university

Question: What is she passionate about and hopes to pursue it beyond sjsu by becoming a ethnic studies teacher?
Answer: ethnic studies

Question: What does the oakland unified school district require the use of in order to run a classroom?
Answer: carceral logics and dehumanizing pedagogies

Question: In what district did I work as a mentor?
Answer: boston public school district, as a masters student in language and literacy education

Question: What type of teacher am I?
Answer: english/ethnic studies

Question: What do i hope to be in community with as a result of being an irf fellow?
Answer: irf fellow

Question: sheryll is the daughter of who?
Answer: dorothy

Question: Where does she hail from?
Answer: a line of strong, entrepreneurial women who dared to dream of a better life

Question: Who recently realized her dream of completing a degree?
Answer: sheryll

Question: Who graduated from uc merced in may 2022?
Answer: magna cum laude

Question: What is sheryll hoping to become in underserved communities?
Answer: a school therapist

Question: What is a brewing health crisis hidden in plain sight?
Answer: deteriorating state of wellness among our nations youth

Question: What is the focus of youth development?
Answer: academic performance

Question: What must we do in order to find a way to integrate wellness into the curriculum?
Answer: challenge the outdated foundations our school systems were built upon

Question: How many youths are featured in the film?
Answer: 2 youths

Question: Along with their natural talents, what is the beauty of a child's journey?
Answer: individuality

Question: How are students' inspirations, motivations, and goals met in an antiquated school system?
Answer: systemic friction

Question: What are education leaders pushing to do?
Answer: course correct

Question: What can we reveal by embracing the reality of our current state and consequences if unattended?
Answer: opportunities to make meaningful and scalable change

Question: Where can you register for the screening of Drawing from the Well?
Answer: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/drawing-from-the-well-a-private-film-screening-tickets-543259542917

Question: What is a positive behavioral interventions and supports specialist?
Answer: positive behavioral interventions and supports specialist

Question: What is the twitter handle of the santa clara county office of education?
Answer: @sccoe


Question: What has the past year repeatedly demonstrated?
Answer: individual educators are pivotal in both the physical and the social-behavioral health and wellbeing of our students and families

Question: What will participants learn how to incorporate into the initial weeks of school?
Answer: social-behavioral instruction

Question: What will participants explore how to incorporate identity building, precorrection, and relationship skills with the positive greetings at the door intervention?
Answer: precorrection (both social-behaviorally and academically) and relationship skills with the positive greetings at the door intervention

Question: What is the name of the graphic from the webinar?
Answer: high performing teams graphic

Question: Along with content, what else comes to life in these talks?
Answer: life skills

Question: What are the perfect foundation for the society we hope to see in the future?
Answer: classroom discussions

Question: What is Marianichols' profession?
Answer: author and literacy consultant

Question: What does the talk have the potential to transform?
Answer: classroom culture, literacy learning, and childrens identity

Question: What creates joyful, engaging space for students to think and construct together?
Answer: building a culture of talk

Question: What does authentic facilitation honor?
Answer: students intellect, teaches into meaning making as a process, honors unique understandings, and helps each student realize the power of their own voice

Question: What are the slides from the webinar about?
Answer: teaching about and through purposeful talk

Question: What is the importance of adopting a facilitative stance?
Answer: the importance of adopting a facilitative stance

Question: What has re-exposed the interwoven social, racial, political, and economic dimensions of educational opportunity?
Answer: the intersecting covid-19 and racial injustice crises

Question: How can educators transform inequitably designed education systems?
Answer: radically reimagining and building learning environments

Question: What does this workshop focus on?
Answer: design of equitable, inclusive, and justice-centered learning environments

Question: What serve as tenets for pedagogy and practice?
Answer: design principles

Question: What will i explore in science education?
Answer: race, identity, and learning

Question: What is a professional pathway built from?
Answer: black brilliance, generous mentorship, and the wisdom of scholars of color

Question: What will the workshop engage in?
Answer: reimagining efforts that center the transformative and sustaining practices of black, indigenous, latinx and other scholars of color

Question: In what course will workshop attendees be guided through the construction process?
Answer: secondary science methods course

Question: What type of educators are encouraged and welcome?
Answer: educators from any discipline

Question: What will educators leave the workshop with?
Answer: educators will leave the workshop with an expanded understanding of how to design learning environments

Question: When does this workshop offer hope and possibility for learning communities?
Answer: during the present crises and a reimagining of what they can become

Question: What is the name of the webinar?
Answer: cal academy - ngss demystified - stem teaching tools

Question: Who is the associate professor of teacher education at california state university long beach?
Answer: @profhsieh

Question: What will educators gain from this interactive presentation?
Answer: educators will gain a sense of how humanizing pedagogies can be at the core of disciplinary learning

Question: What is the name of the template that was used in the webinar?
Answer: collaborative notebook template

Question: Who is the coordinator of community and civic engagement?
Answer: @chasalade

Question: Effective parent engagement practices benefit students in what way?
Answer: school-to-home connections

Question: What does the broader community do to help schools and teachers achieve their goals?
Answer: the broader community provides schools and teachers with the resources, expertise, and volunteerism

Question: What were common methods of parent and community engagement prior to the covid-19 pandemic?
Answer: face-to-face events, in-person opportunities, and one-way communications

Question: What are some of the ways that teachers engage parents, families, and the community since the pandemic?
Answer: more inclusive, flexible, and creative

Question: What plays a role in the classroom environment and school culture?
Answer: parent, family, and community engagement

Question: What will participants understand?
Answer: methods of engaging parents in a post-pandemic school setting

Question: What is the link to the handout from the webinar?
Answer: access the pdf handout from this webinar

Question: What is the twitter handle of the assistant professor?
Answer: @drlarakassab

Question: What will this presentation be?
Answer: an interactive exploration of digital and analog approaches

Question: What do we hope to accomplish by critically analyzing our own practices and schooling norms?
Answer: school becomes a place of healing, rather than perpetuating and compounding the traumas all of us have experienced over the past year and a half

Question: What is the name of the organization that created a webinar about covid-19?
Answer: american institute of stress

Question: What is the job title of the person who attended the webinar?
Answer: 7th grade science teacher

Question: What grades are covered in this webinar?
Answer: tk-5th grade

Question: What may returning to in-person school bring for some trans and genderqueer students?
Answer: anxiety, fear, and expectations of victimization

Question: What may be the only safe haven from an unsupportive home environment?
Answer: school

Question: What type of classroom and extracurricular spaces will this webinar provide the knowledge and skills needed to establish?
Answer: affirming and supportive

Question: What are the presenters' experiences in the bay area?
Answer: high school english, serving as a gsa advisor, providing direct community support to teachers and lgbtq+ youth

Question: What is the twitter handle of sjsu lurie college of education?
Answer: @sjsulurie

Question: What is the twitter handle of the assistant professor, teacher education at sjsu lurie college of education?
Answer: @luisepoza

Question: What do culturally responsive curriculum activities offer students?
Answer: student agency, community engagement, and meaningful social analysis

Question: In what academic year was a multi-faceted unit of instruction implemented that fostered healing, home and community connections, and students' "freedom dreaming" collective envisioning a more just society?
Answer: 2020-21

Question: What do you need to do to view the slides from the webinar?
Answer: view the google slides from this webinar

Question: What is the name of the teacher who participated in the webinar?
Answer: @emmabpass

Question: What type of learning did we gain insight into?
Answer: social and emotional

Question: What will we do in this session to be better educators than before?
Answer: reflect on a year of teaching and learning through the covid pandemic, and determine what to take back with us to the classroom

Question: What is the name of the book that was presented at the webinar?
Answer: hybrid teacher survival guide

Question: What is the name of the person who tweeted about the webinar?
Answer: @abbyinprogress

Question: What do you need to hold toward stronger working relationships and collaboration?
Answer: sel-compass

Question: On what day of the week will you leave with a toolkit of activities to try?
Answer: monday

Question: What will this session equip teachers with?
Answer: this session will equip teachers with strategies and curriculum that can be used in classrooms

Question: What form do you need to complete after watching the recording?
Answer: presenters' feedback

Question: What is desir whitmore's twitter handle?
Answer: @darthscience

Question: What is the profession of the science educator at the exploratorium?
Answer: physicist

Question: Who is a 7th grade science teacher at albert einstein academy middle school?
Answer: eric cross

Question: What type of culturally responsive teaching did eric present in our summer 2020 series?
Answer: techquity

Question: Who will discuss how to create and leverage choice based activities and choice boards?
Answer: emma pass

Question: What session will be hands-on?
Answer: this session

Question: Who is an english language arts teacher at poudre school district global academy?
Answer: emma pass

Question: How did she learn during the covid-19 school closures?
Answer: 100% online

Question: What did emma present during our summer 2020 series?
Answer: rethinking assessment for the google generation

Question: What has expanded?
Answer: the tools we have available for teaching writing

Question: What will we learn about as we work through the writing process?
Answer: new methods and tools to keep our students moving forward in their writing development

Question: What will you gain that you can apply to your writing instruction immediately?
Answer: practical and accessible strategies

Question: classroom tested, teacher approved, what do i promise?
Answer: these are the tools and strategies worth learning

Question: How much time will they save you over the rest of the school year?
Answer: dozens of hours

Question: Who is a national board certified high school english teacher?
Answer: jen roberts

Question: What does her book offer to teachers new to teaching with technology?
Answer: pedagogy support

Question: What responsibility do we take when we design a lesson?
Answer: telling the story

Question: Who wrote about the "danger of a single story"?
Answer: chimamanda ngozi adichie

Question: What isn't the driving force behind book companies?
Answer: developing lessons that allow our students to experience the moment

Question: In this session we will look at what by using google forms, slides and video?
Answer: creating those experiences

Question: Who is a technology coordinator at bellevue union school district?
Answer: george barcenas

Question: What did george present during our summer 2020 series?
Answer: leveraging youtube for distance learning

Question: Who is the technology coordinator at bellevue union school district?
Answer: george barcenas

Question: What will we also look at?
Answer: how to deliver that content

Question: What can be a powerful tool in the hands of teachers?
Answer: video

Question: What do we need to do with our students?
Answer: learn how we can do that with our students

Question: Who led the webinar?
Answer: lisa nowakowski

Question: Who led the webinar?
Answer: martin cisneros

Question: Who led the webinar?
Answer: lisa delapo

Question: Lets give them what?
Answer: options on what they want to say

Question: At what grade levels will we offer digital and analog solutions that will work for students and teachers?
Answer: all grades

Question: Who is the intended audience for this webinar?
Answer: grades 3-5

Question: Who is the intended audience for this webinar?
Answer: grades k-2

Question: Who is the intended audience for this webinar?
Answer: those who teach grades k-8

Question: Who is the intended audience for this webinar?
Answer: grades 6-12

Question: Who is the intended audience for this webinar?
Answer: those who teach grades k-12

Question: Who is the intended audience for this webinar?
Answer: grades k-12

Question: Who is the intended audience for this webinar?
Answer: those who teach grades 6-8

Question: What is the name of the english and language arts teacher at psd global academy?
Answer: @emmabpass

Question: What do smartphones and google give us access to?
Answer: limitless information

Question: How can we best assess students' understanding of a topic when they are at home?
Answer: students can quickly and easily look up almost any information

Question: What will we discuss in this session?
Answer: tools, tips, and best practices for formative and summative assessment

Question: Who is the director of instructional technology at highland park high school?
Answer: berghoff

Question: What can we do when we are online?
Answer: how can we help them

Question: What is the framework for learning called?
Answer: universal design

Question: What will your students have when they learn from your explore-explain-apply lessons?
Answer: #fomo

Question: What types of mini lessons are used to build engagement and long-lasting learning?
Answer: synchronous and asynchronous

Question: Who is the intended audience for the webinar?
Answer: those who teach grades k-12

Question: Who is the intended audience for the webinar?
Answer: grades k-12

Question: What will be shown?
Answer: how to create an activity, host the activity, and navigate the platform

Question: What will teachers learn by pairing desmos with google meet or zoom?
Answer: teachers will learn how they can facilitate student discussions, do "on-the-fly" formative assessment, and deliver effective content

Question: Who was the director of innovation and instructional technology at plumas lake elementary school district?
Answer: brian briggs

Question: What will the webinar cover about the tools?
Answer: differences

Question: How can you avoid getting oz'd?
Answer: maximizing engagement, discourse, & collaboration

Question: What is the name of the Zoom Zoom room?
Answer: zoom zoom

Question: What can we strengthen with student-friendly materials and procedures?
Answer: written communication

Question: Who led the conversation during the webinar?
Answer: jeremiah ruesch

Question: What is one of the topics covered in this webinar?
Answer: building a safe community at a distance

Question: Participants will see examples of how various prompts, strategies and tools can help what?
Answer: students to connect with one another

Question: Who is the coordinator for english language development in the multilingual & humanities education department at the santa clara county office of education?
Answer: deedy camarena

Question: What will be presented along with a model lesson?
Answer: scaffolds and strategies

Question: What is a powerful learning tool for all grades and subjects?
Answer: eduprotocols

Question: What will participants get in addition to a preview and experience with new math edition eduprotocols and mathreps?
Answer: a preview and experience with new math edition eduprotocols and mathreps

Question: Who led the conversation about tools and best practices in k-8 online classrooms?
Answer: shannon tabaldo

Question: These tools will lend themselves nicely to what upon our return to school campuses?
Answer: physical classroom

Question: What type of activities are your students bored with?
Answer: text

Question: What is for you if it is for you?
Answer: this learning experience

Question: What does this session involve?
Answer: teachers everywhere to use technology to engage learners and amplify the learning experience

Question: What do you focus on first?
Answer: pedagogy

Question: What will we use to create personal connections with students?
Answer: teacher's strengths

Question: Who is @emmabpass?
Answer: pass

Question: What does the more fun and engaging your online lessons are, the more likely are your students to do them?
Answer: the more likely your students will do them

Question: What will this session detail tools, tips, and best practices for?
Answer: creating engaging lessons and building your classroom community

Question: What tools do we use to demonstrate how to make distance learning happen?
Answer: zoom, google docs, and other distance learning tools

Question: Join us to explore new directions in what for learning?
Answer: online assessment

Question: Who is the director of learning, innovation, and design at harker school?
Answer: abigail joseph

Question: What is an alternative approach to having students explore and question?
Answer: to have students explore and question

Question: What will this webinar discuss for teaching computer science?
Answer: approaches to a play-first methodology

Question: Who has to read, hear, and understand all in one slide?
Answer: students

Question: What would happen if our slides became our message?
Answer: what if our slides became our message

Question: Who led the conversation at the webinar?
Answer: eric cross

Question: Who was the principal at oneonta elementary school?
Answer: , and pbisca.org/ david trautman

Question: Along with google hangouts, what tool will be used in this session?
Answer: seesaw

Question: What department does robert teach in?
Answer: department of child and adolescent development

Question: What are queer young people no longer viewed as?
Answer: deviant, damaged, or at-risk, but rather as the gifted, complex people they are

Question: What type of youth does he work with?
Answer: marginalized youths

Question: What does he encourage young people to see themselves as?
Answer: producers of knowledge

Question: What is robert marx's email address?
Answer: robert.marx@sjsu.edu

Question: What is being integrated into counselor education?
Answer: technology

Question: What does isz stand for?
Answer: international safe zone

Question: What is the name of the international safe zone?
Answer: www.internationalsafezone.org

Question: What is kyoungmi choi's email address?
Answer: kyoungmi.choi@sjsu.edu

Question: What can you do to help make lurie college more queer affirming?
Answer: apply now to become a member of our new en-queer-tros initiative

Question: Who is the child and adolescent development faculty at sjsu?
Answer: robert marx

Question: What is the name of the cross cultural center at sjsu?
Answer: sjsu mosaic cross cultural center

Question: When will you be able to interact with other students and learn more about lgbtq+ identities?
Answer: 4-5pm

Question: What is available at bit.ly/gsc-connections?
Answer: rsvp

Question: What was the focus of the roundtable discussion?
Answer: the complexity and challenges of international lgbtq+ students

Question: What type of students often face issues with internalized homophobia?
Answer: international lgbtq+ students

Question: What do those who interact with international lgbtq+ students need to understand?
Answer: the ways that students' multiple identities - as international students, as non-heterosexual students, as racial or ethnic minorities, and potentially other identities - combine to impact the cultural adjustment and transition

Question: What is another name for drs?
Answer: drs

Question: Who provided resources that helped international lgbtq+ students develop healthy sexual identity and social relationships?
Answer: choi and marx

Question: Along with campus resources, what topics were discussed by students and professionals?
Answer: various social and cultural dating and relationship dynamics

Question: Why do some americans introduce themselves with what?
Answer: they/their/theirs

Question: What does the word "queer" mean?
Answer: queer

Question: What kind of environment is this cultural conversation in?
Answer: non-judgmental

Question: What type of students are welcome?
Answer: international

Question: What is my name?
Answer: kyoung mi choi

Question: Where was i from when i first came to the US?
Answer: south korea

Question: What did i find both exciting and challenging?
Answer: learning and navigating the cultural differences and norms

Question: What country is the United States compared to?
Answer: u.s

Question: What type of culture is korean culture?
Answer: collective

Question: Why was it difficult for me to explore and embrace my sexual orientation in a new culture?
Answer: it was not easy for me to explore and embrace my own sexual orientation

Question: What kind of journey has it been for me?
Answer: inspiring and healing

Question: Would you like to hear my story?
Answer: id like to share my story with you

Question: What do i hope you can join us for?
Answer: i hope

Question: Why am i so excited to meet with all of you?
Answer: im so excited to meet with all of you

Question: What is robert marx an assistant professor in?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: From what direction is the west coast?
Answer: south

Question: Would i like to talk to you more about gender and sexuality?
Answer: id love to talk more with you

Question: Along with i, who can i hope to answer any questions you might have?
Answer: kyoung mi

Question: What are pronouns?
Answer: diversity in gender and sexual identity

Question: Why do they matter?
Answer: why

Question: What vs your culture?
Answer: your culture

Question: Are they similar or are they different from each other?
Answer: different

Question: What is sjsu.edu/isss?
Answer: international student and scholar services

Question: What is the name of the lgbtq center at sjsu?
Answer: youth space

Question: What is the name of the college of education at sjsu?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: What is the phone number for sweeney hall?
Answer: 95192-0071

Question: What is the phone number for luriecollege@sjsu.edu?
Answer: 408-924-3600

Question: What is the phone number for luriecollege-successcenter@sjsu.edu?
Answer: 408-924-3541

Question: What is the name of the department at sjsu?
Answer: childdev

Question: What is the phone number for childdev at sjsu?
Answer: 408-924-3718

Question: What is the phone number for the counselor-ed@sjsu.edu?
Answer: 408-924-3688

Question: Who is luriecollege-fieldexperience@sjsu.edu?
Answer: connie

Question: What credential can you earn?
Answer: math foundational

Question: What type of credential allows you to teach middle school math through 8th grade?
Answer: foundational-level credential

Question: How can this credential be added to a multiple or single subject credential?
Answer: successfully completing the methods class included in this summer program and passing the corresponding cset math subtests

Question: What must you do if you want to add the math foundational credential?
Answer: complete the math methods course and pass subtests i and ii of the cset math exam

Question: What kind of credential can you earn with your stem+c content knowledge?
Answer: science foundational-level

Question: What type of credential allows you to teach middle school science?
Answer: foundational-level credential

Question: How can it be added to a multiple or single subject credential?
Answer: successfully completing the methods class included in this summer program and passing the corresponding cset subtest(s)

Question: Along with the science content seminar, what course is required to earn the science foundational credential?
Answer: science methods course

Question: We are also accepting applications for what type of courses?
Answer: individual

Question: What is given to those who enroll in both courses?
Answer: priority

Question: What program at sjsu focuses on providing you with computer science content and pedagogical knowledge?
Answer: cs supplementary authorization program

Question: What does the supplementary authorization help with?
Answer: parallel strands in equity/justice, technological skills, and pedagogy,

Question: What type of format are the classes offered in?
Answer: hybrid

Question: When does the course sequence start?
Answer: every summer

Question: What type of campus is online and on-campus?
Answer: hybrid

Question: What is the date and time of the event?
Answer: august 21 - december 15 day/time - tbd online/hybrid

Question: What does not guarantee enrollment?
Answer: registration

Question: Applicants will receive notification about what in may?
Answer: enrollment status

Question: Is there a cost to participants for the math and science pathway?
Answer: no cost

Question: Who will cover the cost of math or science cset registration for sjsu students?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What type of course has a cost?
Answer: cs authorization

Question: If you are a candidate in what type of program, can you apply for the msti grant math and science scholarship?
Answer: single subject credential program

Question: What do you need to read to apply?
Answer: msti grant scholarship information and instructions

Question: march 1, what year apply now?
Answer: 2023

Question: Who shared their reflections about the science pathway of the 2020 institute?
Answer: jean young back, multiple subject teaching credential candidate at the sjsu lurie college of education, and kelly herz, 5th grade teacher

Question: Where is eduardo quintero a teacher?
Answer: san jose unified school district,

Question: Where is roxanne lanzot a high school teacher?
Answer: lincoln high

Question: What is the name of sjsu lurie college of education?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education

Question: What can you watch above to get acquainted with our academic departments, student organizations, and student resources?
Answer: our virtual tour

Question: What does allison briceo coordinate?
Answer: reading and literacy leadership credential

Question: How long did it take for the college to adopt a new strategic plan?
Answer: months of dialogue, deliberations, and reflections

Question: What are the priorities to continue to do to our own institution and the systems within which we operate?
Answer: decolonize

Question: Along with our strategic plan and funded projects, what are our priorities?
Answer: racial justice

Question: What commitments hone and strengthen the priorities outlined in our colleges strategic plan?
Answer: racial justice

Question: How do the anti-racist policies at Washington University complement and extend the existing strategic initiatives in the college?
Answer: they complement and extend the existing strategic initiatives in the college

Question: During which academic year are we committed to taking the actions outlined below to advance racial justice?
Answer: 2020-21

Question: What type of students, staff, and faculty do these actions limit and prevent equal participation and shared power with?
Answer: bipoc

Question: What do we want to do to our own institution and the systems within which we operate?
Answer: decolonize

Question: During what academic year will we report on progress made and commit to next steps to advance racial justice priorities?
Answer: 2020-21

Question: What do we strive to become the hub for in the region?
Answer: educational transformation

Question: What is the goal of the institute for emancipatory education?
Answer: build a rich partner network of schools and community organizations - create professional learning programs with the community

Question: What is the emphasis on recruiting bipoc applicants who are?
Answer: committed to racial justice

Question: What is the mission of p20 focused institute?
Answer: to create more equitable and inclusive educational systems

Question: What are the guiding principles of iee?
Answer: to center historically marginalized learners and communities, partner with community, and build bridges across institutions from preschool through post-secondary

Question: What do we do to strengthen curricular integration and centering of culturally sustaining pedagogy?
Answer: engage in professional learning and self-reflection in culturally sustaining practices and enact them in classrooms

Question: What do we do to cultivate a culture of welcome, support, appreciation, and inclusivity?
Answer: develop college-wide experiences and resources for students, staff, and faculty that cultivate a culture of welcome, support, appreciation, and inclusivity

Question: What is the purpose of interdisciplinary experiences?
Answer: develop interdisciplinary experiences, coursework, and degree programs that bring together the lurie college of education community

Question: Who may lead these groups?
Answer: internal faculty experts and/or external consultants

Question: Why did we update course content, syllabi, and assignments during the spring 2021 term?
Answer: to address systemic racism, racial justice, and intersectionality

Question: How many projects have been awarded funding?
Answer: nine

Question: What is the name of the census that will take place in 2020?
Answer: census

Question: What is the name of the 2017 book?
Answer: holtby, lordi, park, & ponce, 2017)

Question: Why has support for dual language learners been challenged?
Answer: lack of available high-quality assessment

Question: What type of backgrounds can cause clinicians and educators to make decisions based on biases?
Answer: cultural-linguistic backgrounds

Question: What is the goal of the current project?
Answer: to examine speech fluency patterns in the course of bilingual language development in mandarin-english speaking children

Question: Who is the faculty, child and adolescent development?
Answer: robert marx, phd

Question: Who is the faculty, child and adolescent development?
Answer: ellen middaugh, phd

Question: What two groups are working together to create an inclusive climate at Washington University?
Answer: lurie college of education and the lgbt youth space

Question: Who will we be hosting a professional learning community for?
Answer: faculty and staff who want to more deeply engage in the work of transforming their corner of the campus into a queer-affirming space

Question: Who is the faculty, child and adolescent development at sjsu lurie college of education?
Answer: jessica fraser

Question: What provides a space for participants to cultivate relationships, build community, and learn from community partners?
Answer: ecc

Question: What is saili kulkarni's job title?
Answer: faculty associate dean for reasearch

Question: What is saili kulkarni's job title?
Answer: faculty, special education

Question: Where is the idss housed?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: What is our strand defined as?
Answer: a space within the iee

Question: travis boyce, phd - faculty, what?
Answer: african american studies

Question: What orientations of teacher candidates does ted hope to increase?
Answer: anti-racist and emancipatory

Question: What does esrp stand for?
Answer: ethnic studies residency program

Question: What organization does sage partner with to recruit undergraduates into teacher preparation pathways?
Answer: ethnic studies council at san jose state

Question: What college does the esrp collaborate with?
Answer: san jose city college

Question: What does the project unify all three of these efforts as part of?
Answer: a cohesive pipeline for capacity-building around ethnic studies content and pedagogy

Question: Is there a shortage of high quality civics curriculum?
Answer: high quality civics curriculum is limited

Question: What kind of inequities have been found in access to high quality civic learning opportunities?
Answer: racial

Question: What does previous research suggest the most effective civic education involves?
Answer: teaching through civic participation

Question: What is the downside of teaching through participation online?
Answer: can feel risky to teachers who have little experience in guiding youth in navigating such settings

Question: What are our goals?
Answer: share existing opportunities and practices for youth civic empowerment

Question: Whats working?
Answer: whats working

Question: What types of learning do schools need to integrate?
Answer: digital and civic learning

Question: What does social media promote?
Answer: civic action

Question: What type of units do you develop and implement?
Answer: exemplar

Question: Who is responsible for educational leadership?
Answer: rebeca burciaga

Question: Along with collette rabin and grinell smith, who is involved in teacher education?
Answer: lara kassab

Question: What does cbpar stand for?
Answer: community-based participatory action research

Question: Who will we be consulting with?
Answer: faculty across the college to identify representative content, apprehend interest and support among our colleagues, and determine the elements needed for one or both courses to count toward various degree and credential programs

Question: What type of program does tammie visintainer teach?
Answer: single subject credential program

Question: What have the intersecting racial injustices, public health, and environmental crises laid bare?
Answer: myriad educational inequities and the k-12 education system finds itself at the precipice of reproducing the injustices of normalcy

Question: What does the next generation science standards promote a shift away from?
Answer: formulaic instantiations of the scientific method

Question: What presents exciting opportunities?
Answer: ngss

Question: What are teachers asked to teach in ways that they often have not experienced themselves?
Answer: science

Question: What is limited as are professional learning opportunities for teachers?
Answer: curricular materials

Question: Who does this project bring together to support the professional learning and development of transformative science educators?
Answer: lurie college's teacher education department and college of science's science education program

Question: Who is a faculty member in the communicative disorders and sciences department?
Answer: alison pentland

Question: What does aac stand for?
Answer: augmentative and alternative communication

Question: Who will conduct the interviews and focus groups?
Answer: researchers and moderators

Question: What will the groups focus on?
Answer: how their unique cultural and linguistic identities may be supported by the professionals who work with them

Question: What are some professions that specialize in autism?
Answer: speech-language pathologists, educators, occupational therapists,

Question: What did we coordinate during the spring 2020 term?
Answer: a grant proposal process within our college to support endeavors by our faculty, students, and staff that advance our four priority areas

Question: What is the sjsu undergraduate minor in transformative leadership?
Answer: an interdisciplinary approach to leadership development through engagement with anti-racist pedagogies

Question: What should you email if you have questions about the minor?
Answer: transformativeleadership-group@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is a california credentialed k-12 school counselor?
Answer: aubrey uresti

Question: What does lpcc stand for?
Answer: licensed professional clinical counselor

Question: What types of experiences does her research focus on?
Answer: individual, family, and extended family-level experiences

Question: What is a research interest for counselors?
Answer: lifelong learning

Question: Where can you find all of the personality playlists from sjsu?
Answer: lurie college of education spotify account

Question: Who is a lecturer in the counselor education department at san jos state university?
Answer: amna jaffer

Question: What is one of the areas of study that she studies?
Answer: identity development

Question: Who is b?
Answer: arnold

Question: Who is the founding director of the ed.d?
Answer: danzig

Question: Where is he a professor emeritus?
Answer: arizona state university

Question: On what topics has he authored books, chapters, journal volumes, and journal articles during his career in higher education?
Answer: school leadership and education policy

Question: What is one way that golloher's research explores the impact of on attitudes toward and beliefs about disability and inclusion?
Answer: teacher preparation and professional development

Question: What is the title of the eci?
Answer: director of the early childhood institute

Question: Who is a professor in the department of teacher education?
Answer: brent duckor

Question: What did he teach in the senior institute at central park east secondary school in east harlem?
Answer: history, economics, and civics

Question: What does the university of california, berkeley specialize in?
Answer: quantitative methods and evaluation

Question: Who specializes in educational measurement, testing, and assessment?
Answer: brent

Question: What are some of the boards he has served on?
Answer: california commission on teacher credentialing, the california department of education, and the college and career readiness evaluation consortium

Question: What has appeared in the book with dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr 
Answer: his most recent scholarship

Question: Along with china, hong kong, and indonesia, where is there a large Chinese population?
Answer: singapore

Question: Who is ed holmberg?
Answer: carrie holmberg,

Question: What is d.'s job title at san jos state university?
Answer: preservice teacher educator

Question: What type of school did she teach at?
Answer: title i comprehensive high school

Question: How many times has carrie earned her national board certification?
Answer: twice

Question: What other programs did she work with?
Answer: stanford partner school induction program and the santa cruz/silicon valley new teacher program

Question: Who earned her ed.d?
Answer: carrie

Question: In what year did sjsu begin its educational leadership program?
Answer: 2017

Question: What is the most recent publication in which her scholarship has appeared?
Answer: 4th international encyclopedia of education

Question: What does aera stand for?
Answer: american educational research association

Question: What does cara's research encompass?
Answer: intersections of culture, mental health, trauma

Question: What elements of risk and resilience does she focus on?
Answer: socioemotional, cultural, and developmental

Question: Who has expertise in counseling psychology, trauma-informed care, and culturally-responsive approaches to healing and healthy development?
Answer: cara

Question: What does hdcc stand for?
Answer: health development community clinic

Question: What are the names of the authors of the paper?
Answer: marx, r., maffini, c

Question: What are the names of the authors of the paper?
Answer: m., protivnak, j

Question: What is the meaning of pea, f?
Answer: s.,

Question: What type of college students did this study focus on?
Answer: nonbinary

Question: What is the DOI for maffini, c?
Answer: 10.1037/dhe0000422

Question: What is the DOI for maffini, c?
Answer: 10.3138/jcfs.53.2.050

Question: What are the names of the ingredients in molthen?
Answer: s., paradis, g., & molthen,

Question: What do factors influence among intercultural couples?
Answer: relationship satisfaction

Question: What is the number of pages in 53(2)?
Answer: 238-257


Question: What is the most important aspect of sound and safe?
Answer: safe

Question: What is a major concern for black college students?
Answer: perceptions of campus safety

Question: What is the range of ages in?
Answer: 2-17

Question: Who are the authors of this paper and What year?
Answer: paradis, g., & maffini, 2021


Question: Along with cultural values, what is an example of a cultural value?
Answer: attachment

Question: What is the number of pages in the magazine?
Answer: 49(4)

Question: Who is the author of the article?
Answer: simpson,

Question: Who is the author of the article?
Answer: rabin, c.,

Question: a., maffini, c., what?
Answer: maffini,

Question: What are school personnel used for?
Answer: cbt interventions

Question: What is the number of pages in the article?
Answer: 2

Question: What is the number of pages in the article?
Answer: 301-312

Question: Who created cara's spotify playlist?
Answer: samm killermann


Question: What type of development does mead study?
Answer: typical and/or atypical

Question: What type of courses does she teach?
Answer: graduate-level cognitive/language

Question: What type of courses does she teach?
Answer: curriculum and instruction

Question: Where can you access all of the personality playlists?
Answer: lurie college of education spotify account

Question: Who earned her ph.d.?
Answer: dina

Question: Where is the department of human development and family studies located?
Answer: university of illinois at urbana-champaign

Question: What type of scholar is she?
Answer: interdisciplinary scholar

Question: Who teaches sociology of education?
Answer: colette rabin

Question: How many years did she teach kindergarten through middle school?
Answer: twelve

Question: What are her research interests?
Answer: care ethics, social justice, co-teaching, sustainability, and social and emotional learning

Question: What is a recent publication in an elementary classroom in social studies research and practice?
Answer: social studies from a care ethics perspective

Question: What is another name for c?
Answer: rabin,

Question: What type of teacher preparation is co-teaching toward?
Answer: collaborative and caring

Question: What is the name of the number that appears on the chart?
Answer: , 46, 4, 67-92

Question: Who is the author of the book briceo?
Answer: swanson, p., rabin, c., smith, g., briceo, a.,

Question: What did we embed in a teacher education program focused on social justice?
Answer: social and emotional learning

Question: What kind of development does a classroom community support?
Answer: social/moral

Question: When is the next meeting of the Board of Governors?
Answer: (2019, april)

Question: What is the triad?
Answer: candidate-mentor-supervisor

Question: Who is csu convening a learning community for?
Answer: new generation of educators

Question: What university is in sacramento?
Answer: csu

Question: When is the upcoming event?
Answer: (2020, october)

Question: When is the upcoming event?
Answer: (april 2019)

Question: What is a way to cultivate caring?
Answer: co-teaching relationships

Question: How many facets does the approach take to addressing the climate change consensus gap among preservice teachers?
Answer: four

Question: What is the name of the person who runs the sjsu website?
Answer: connie

Question: What type of students does whitenack focus on?
Answer: emergent multilingual

Question: Who is a speech-language pathologist and teacher-scholar?
Answer: eduardo europa

Question: Along with mri and dri, what methods are used in mri and dri?
Answer: behavioral methods

Question: Who studies the nature and treatment of stroke-induced and primary progressive aphasia?
Answer: europa

Question: What roots does he explore through cooking and baking?
Answer: filipino roots



Question: What does muoz-muoz focus on in bilingual teachers?
Answer: critical pedagogy and the development of critical language awareness



Question: What does muoz-muoz work at the intersection of?
Answer: policy and pedagogy

Question: What is the name of the grant that pays for teacher residencies?
Answer: teacher residencies grant

Question: Along with lisa simpson and dr. what?
Answer: david whitenack

Question: Who was the recipient of the hewlett foundation interdisciplinary grant?
Answer: luis poza

Question: Where is lurie college of education?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: What kind of profile is coming soon?
Answer: profile

Question: What kind of profile is coming soon?
Answer: full profile

Question: What is the focus of ellen middaugh's research?
Answer: how do youth become effective advocates for themselves and their communities

Question: What is she interested in?
ambalaj What is she'she's interested in what is she is he

Answer: how the internet and participatory media enable and constrain civic participation

Question: What is another name for dr?
Answer: dr

Question: Who conducts research on how youth use social media?
Answer: middaugh

Question: What is another term for e?
Answer: middaugh,

Question: What are we promoting in the era of outrage?
Answer: civic media literacy

Question: Before print, how was the article published?
Answer: online

Question: What is the doi?
Answer: 10.1080/0161956x.2019.1553582

Question: Where can you find all of sjsu connie l's playlists?
Answer: lurie college of education spotify account

Question: What is grinells work guided by?
Answer: deep commitment to care ethics

Question: What does he seek to do with his work?
Answer: he seeks to improve the quality of k-12 education

Question: Who are the authors of the book rabin, c?
Answer: smith, grinell

Question: What does the mexican do in fraught times?
Answer: attending to the moral work of teaching

Question: What is the focus of schools?
Answer: studies in education,

Question: What is another name for s?
Answer: grinell,

Question: & rabin, what?
Answer: c

Question: What is modern education?
Answer: tragedy of the commons

Question: What is the number of pages in the journal of curriculum studies?
Answer: 748-767

Question: Who is the author of the paper titled "Rabbin, c., grinell, s., & rabin, c.?
"

Answer: grinell, s.,

Question: In what year was the most recent?
Answer: (2017)

Question: Who is helping to view science instruction as an ethical responsibility?
Answer: pre-service teachers

Question: What type of news is published quarterly?
Answer: teacher education

Question: In what year was the most recent?
Answer: (2017)

Question: What is taught in elementary classrooms?
Answer: social studies from a care ethics perspective

Question: What is the range of pages in social studies research and practice?
Answer: 325-340

Question: How many days will the aera conference take place in 2019?
Answer: 4


Question: What is a care ethics perspective on co-teaching relationships?
Answer: what gets in the way of caring teacher-to teacher relationships

Question: What is a care ethics perspective on?
Answer: co-teaching relationships

Question: What does aec stand for?
Answer: academy for educational studies

Question: What traits should teachers, students, and others model in schools, classrooms, and communities?
Answer: civility


Question: What is the focus of teacher education program redesign?
Answer: social justice

Question: Whose preparation is where dreams go to die?
Answer: teacher

Question: How many people can attend the critical questions in education conference?
Answer: 5


Question: What are the dilemmas and vignettes from school?
Answer: helping teachers find a way home

Question: What is felicia's background?
Answer: first-generation college student

Question: How many years has she taught math and education courses?
Answer: 30

Question: What else does she do on topics such as anti-racism, trauma-informed instruction, equity, and approaches that build on students lived experiences?
Answer: public speaking

Question: Where can you find all of the sjsu connie l playlists?
Answer: lurie college of education spotify account

Question: Who used to be a d.j.?
Answer: erin

Question: What is her focus on teaching?
Answer: equity and media literacy

Question: What does erin hope to facilitate through teacher education?
Answer: deeply thoughtful, emancipatory educators

Question: What is her goal?
Answer: to populate our schools with excited, equity-minded, informed educators armed with love and a vision to inspire children with the agency to fight for justice, and the courage to navigate all of lifes challenges


Question: Who began her career in child development as the program coordinator for an early education program?
Answer: slusser

Question: Who has established a research program to explore childrens early cognitive representations of number?
Answer: slusser

Question: What drives language learning?
Answer: cognitive representational resources


Question: Along with the common core, what is a topic that needs to be taught in elementary classrooms in 2020?
Answer: digital literacy

Question: What is the name of the association that publishes the proceedings of the american educational research association?
Answer: american educational research

Question: What is the name of the person who wrote a book about barth, zax, and slusser?
Answer: slusser,

Question: What do children use in their numerical judgments?
Answer: partitioning and proportion estimation

Question: When is the sjpl virtual programming standards to be evaluated?
Answer: 2020-2021

Question: What college is dedicated to teaching, scholarship, and service that is community engaged and culturally sustaining?
Answer: lurie college

Question: Where can you watch all of our symposia?
Answer: lurie college

Question: Where can you read more faculty news?
Answer: lurie college

Question: Department chairs and program directors are faculty members of what college?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: Along with program directors, what is jason laker's position?
Answer: department chairs

Question: What is lisa simpson's email address?
Answer: jason.laker@sjsu.edu

Question: What type of professor is lisa.simpson?
Answer: special education

Question: Who is ferdie rivera?
Answer: maria.ledesma@sjsu.edu

Question: What is the email address for the edd leadership program?
Answer: ferdinand.rivera@sjsu.e

Question: Along with the standing committees, what other types of committees are formed throughout the academic year?
Answer: numerous ad hoc committees

Question: Who does the curriculum committee provide a forum for?
Answer: faculty, administrators, and students

Question: Who is choi?
Answer: kyoung mi

Question: What is mara ledesma's profession?
Answer: counselor education

Question: What does marcos pizarro specialize in?
Answer: educational leadership

Question: What does marcos pizarro specialize in?
Answer: special education

Question: Where is poza's office located?
Answer: dean's office

Question: What is the profession of mantra roy?
Answer: teacher education

Question: What is lisa simpson's library?
Answer: mlk library

Question: What does nadia sorkhabi specialize in?
Answer: special education

Question: What is the purpose of this committee?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: Who should be encouraged and supported to support scholarship?
Answer: faculty

Question: What type of funding does the committee distribute?
Answer: lottery

Question: Who is katya aguilar?
Answer: katya aguilar,

Question: What is the profession of arnold danzig?
Answer: teacher education

Question: What does dolores deharo mena specialize in?
Answer: educational leadership

Question: What is mark felton's profession?
Answer: counselor education

Question: Where is kim tsai, ph.d. located?
Answer: dean's office

Question: What does pei-tzu tsai study?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: Who does the personnel committee make recommendations to?
Answer: the college dean

Question: Who is peg hughes?
Answer: peg hughes,

Question: What type of education does jason laker teach?
Answer: special education

Question: What is brad porfilio's profession?
Answer: counselor education

Question: What does wendy quach specialize in?
Answer: educational leadership

Question: What does wendy quach specialize in?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: What is the subject of grinell smith's dissertation?
Answer: communicative disorders and sciences

Question: What is maureen smith's profession?
Answer: teacher education

Question: What type of development does the student research and scholarships committee oversee?
Answer: child and adolescent

Question: Who is the author of the ed.d?
Answer: lorri capizzi,

Question: What is the profession of mei-yan lu?
Answer: counselor education

Question: What does matthew love specialize in?
Answer: educational leadership

Question: What is danielle mead's specialty?
Answer: special education

Question: What does marcos pizarro study?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: What is one of the areas in which our faculty members' research interest areas and collaborations span across our 7 academic departments?
Answer: teacher education

Question: Who are the experts in each of the interest areas below?
Answer: faculy experts

Question: What is janet bang's profession?
Answer: teacher education

Question: What is the subject of allison briceo's book?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: What is paul cascella's profession?
Answer: teacher education

Question: What is mark felton's field of study?
Answer: communicative disorders and sciences

Question: What is maria fusaro's profession?
Answer: teacher education

Question: What does nidhi mahendra study?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: What is the name of the book that marcella mccollum is the author of?
Answer: communicative disorders and sciences

Question: What is ralph mckay's book about?
Answer: communicative disorders and sciences

Question: What is the profession of danielle mead?
Answer: teacher education

Question: What does emily slusser specialize in?
Answer: communicative disorders and sciences

Question: What is lorri capizzi's book about?
Answer: communicative disorders and sciences

Question: What is the profession of kyoung mi choi?
Answer: counselor education

Question: What is the profession of kara ireland d'ambrosio?
Answer: counselor education

Question: Who is responsible for teacher education?
Answer: amna jaffer

Question: What does roxana marachi specialize in?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: What is the profession of robert marx?
Answer: counselor education

Question: What is the profession of robert marx?
Answer: teacher education

Question: What does maureen smith specialize in?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: What is kim tsai's specialty?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: What is jason laker's profession?
Answer: counselor education

Question: What does loriann abrahams teach?
Answer: communicative disorders and sciences

Question: Who is a ph.d. in communicative disorders and sciences at sjsu?
Answer: katya aguilar,

Question: Who is stefanie aichele-chang?
Answer: katya.aguilar@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is jolynn asato?
Answer: imee.almazan@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is janet bang?
Answer: jolynn.asato@sjsu.edu

Question: What is marion beach's email address?
Answer: janet.bang@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is donna bee-gates?
Answer: marion.schinn@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is the lecturer, child and adolescent development?
Answer: tara duffy

Question: Who is the lecturer, child and adolescent development?
Answer: donna.bee-gates@sjsu.edu laurene beto

Question: Who is the lecturer, child and adolescent development?
Answer: laura pirazzi

Question: Who is allison briceo?
Answer: sylvia.branca@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is rebeca burciaga?
Answer: allison.briceno@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is michele burns?
Answer: rebeca.burciaga@sjsu.edu

Question: What is the email address of lorri capizzi?
Answer: toni.campbell@sjsu.edu

Question: What is paul cascella's email address?
Answer: lorri.capizzi@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is kathleen castillo?
Answer: paul.cascella@sjsu.edu

Question: What is kyoung mi choi's profession?
Answer: teacher education

Question: Who is the child and adolescent development lecturer?
Answer: krissy connell

Question: What is the email address of dolores deharo mena?
Answer: arnold.danzig@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is danielle dewitt?
Answer: dolores.mena@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is eduardo europa?
Answer: lara.kassab@sjsu.edu

Question: What is mark felton's email address?
Answer: eduardo.europa@sjsu.edu

Question: What is the email address of the professor, teacher education faculty associate dean for research?
Answer: mark.felton@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is robert gliner?
Answer: maria.fusaro@sjsu.edu

Question: What is the email address for the ed.d leadership program?
Answer: robert.gliner@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is the communicative disorders and sciences lecturer?
Answer: erin nokes

Question: Who is the communicative disorders and sciences lecturer?
Answer: dawn greenberg

Question: Who is the special education lecturer at sjsu?
Answer: alicia henderson

Question: What is the email address of peg hughes?
Answer: xiaolu.hu@sjsu.edu

Question: What type of professor is Esther hugo?
Answer: special education

Question: Where is d'ambrosio from?
Answer: ireland

Question: What is dina izenstark's profession?
Answer: teacher education

Question: Who is john jabagchourian?
Answer: dina.izenstark@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is the lecturer, child and adolescent development at SJSU?
Answer: roshini joseph

Question: Who is the teacher education lecturer at SJSU?
Answer: jan kaay

Question: Who is michael kimbarow?
Answer: sudha.kaul@sjsu.edu

Question: What is janet kitajima a lecturer in?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: Who is kelly kruger?
Answer: sudha.v.krishnan@sjsu.edu

Question: What type of professor is saili kulkarni?
Answer: special education

Question: What is jason.laker's job title?
Answer: counselor education

Question: Where is mara ledesma a professor?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: What is the email address of robin love?
Answer: matthew.love@sjsu.edu

Question: What is the email address for mei-yan lu?
Answer: robin.love@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is jennifer madigan?
Answer: mei-yan.lu@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is cara maffini?
Answer: jennifer.madigan@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is nidhi mahendra?
Answer: cara.maffini@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is elba maldonado-colon?
Answer: nidhi.mahendra@sjsu.edu

Question: What kind of faculty is elba maldonado-colon?
Answer: emeritus

Question: Who is the counselor education lecturer at sjsu?
Answer: michael mann-stock

Question: What is tiffani marie's email address?
Answer: roxana.marachi@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is marie, phd?
Answer: tiffani

Question: Who is robert marx?
Answer: tiffani.marie@sjsu.edu

Question: What is ravisha mathur an assistant professor of?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: Who is marcella mccollum?
Answer: ravisha.mathur@sjsu.edu

Question: What is june mccullough's email address?
Answer: marcella.mccollum@sjsu.edu

Question: What is ralph mckay's email address?
Answer: june.mccullough@sjsu.edu

Question: What is the profession of ralph.mckay?
Answer: teacher education

Question: Who is ralph.mckay@sjsu.edu?
Answer: zachary

Question: What is the email address of mary mcvey?
Answer: zachary.mcniece@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is danielle mead?
Answer: mary.mcvey@sjsu.edu

Question: What is the email address of the assistant professor, child and adolescent development?
Answer: danielle.mead@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is eduardo muoz-muoz?
Answer: ellen.middaugh@sjsu.edu

Question: What is eduardo.munoz-munoz@sjsu.edu?
Answer: critical bilingual authorization pathway

Question: Who is jennifer pearlman lecturer, child and adolescent development?
Answer: hyunsook.park@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is luis poza?
Answer: marcos.pizarro@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is wendy quach?
Answer: luis.poza@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is rosalinda quintanar-sarellan?
Answer: wendy.quach@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is colette rabin?
Answer: rosalinda.quintanar@sjsu.edu

Question: What is ana ramirez's email address?
Answer: colette.rabin@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is lupe ramirez-steele?
Answer: ana.ramirez@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is kathryn ribay?
Answer: devon.hibbert@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is rebeca?
Answer: rios

Question: Who is berrnadette rodriguez-young?
Answer: latisha.roberts@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is pamela schultz?
Answer: pam schultz

Question: Who is ed.d?
Answer: lisa simpson,

Question: Who is emily slusser?
Answer: lisa.simpson@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is the special education lecturer at SJSU?
Answer: everett smith

Question: What is jamie smith's job title?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: What is the email address of the professor, child and adolescent development?
Answer: maureen.smith@sjsu.edu

Question: What is maureen.smith's job title?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: Who is the lecturer for child and adolescent development?
Answer: soni

Question: Who is shannon stovall?
Answer: nadia.sorkhabi@sjsu.edu

Question: What is jay totter's job title?
Answer: special education joseph.totter@sjsu.edu

Question: What is aubrey uresti's email address?
Answer: peitzu.tsai@sjsu.edu

Question: What is the email address of the assistant professor, counselor education?
Answer: aubrey.uresti@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is the lecturer,teacher education at sjsu.edu?
Answer: shawn.vecellio

Question: Who is tammie visintainer?
Answer: tammie visintainer,

Question: Who is wanda watson?
Answer: tammie.visintainer@sjsu.edu

Question: What is the email address of david whitenack?
Answer: wanda.watson@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is carol zepecki?
Answer: david.whitenack@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is erika zepeda?
Answer: carol.zepecki@sjsu.edu

Question: What is the name of the sandra.zunigaruiz@sjsu.edu sandra.zunigaruiz@sjsu.edu?
Answer: connie

Question: Who is park?
Answer: hyun-sook

Question: Where is the professor of special education located?
Answer: connie

Question: Where is the lurie college of education located?
Answer: san jose state university

Question: What are her areas of expertise and research interest?
Answer: the social development of students with disabilities, transition, multicultural special education, and research methods

Question: What has she published?
Answer: books, book chapters, peer-reviewed journal articles, and monographs

Question: How many federal grants has she received?
Answer: many federal grants

Question: What department is responsible for social relationships of students with disabilities?
Answer: department of education

Question: What was the name of the journal that she edited for persons with severe disabilities?
Answer: jash

Question: Who is slobuski?
Answer: slobuski, t.,

Question: Along with global citizenship education, what type of education is a prerequisite for global citizenship?
Answer: global mindedness

Question: What is the name of the university that publishes bibliographies?
Answer: oxford

Question: What is the name of the publisher of the book in new york, ny?
Answer: oxford university press

Question: On what date did dr.
Answer: august 1, 2018,

Question: Who became the dean of the connie l?
Answer: heather lattimer

Question: What did she lead our community through in 2020?
Answer: multiple societal crises

Question: What kind of news does dr. lattimer have?
Answer: dean lattimer news

Question: Where did lattimer join in 2018?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: Who received her bachelor's degree from harvard university?
Answer: lattimer

Question: Where did she begin her career as a history teacher?
Answer: lincoln high school in san jose unified school district

Question: Where did she teach middle and high school math and english?
Answer: san diego


Question: Who is the author of thinking through genre?
Answer: lattimer

Question: What is dr. lee's passion for in k-12 education?
Answer: excellence and equity

Question: What are lattims research and professional interests?
Answer: teacher and principal education

Question: How does she believe our best work is often done?
Answer: collaboratively

Question: Who is a professor of counselor education at sjsu?
Answer: jason laker

Question: What type of affairs does a student have?
Answer: student

Question: What was jason's previous position before sjsu?
Answer: avp

Question: What is the name of the center for the study of democracy?
Answer: centre for the study of democracy

Question: What is the focus of the faculty at queens university?
Answer: gender studies

Question: How many texts does his scholarly work include?
Answer: four

Question: What is he the series editor for?
Answer: palgrave studies in global citizenship education

Question: What is his current research?
Answer: current research

Question: What does boas focus on?
Answer: sexual consent

Question: What does cacuss stand for?
Answer: canadian association of college and university student services

Question: What is the difference between don't, can't, and will?
Answer: cant & wont

Question: What teaching experiences does jila have?
Answer: prek, elementary, middle school, high school, and community college

Question: What is the earliest age she has taught?
Answer: kindergarten

Question: What age group does she work with?
Answer: adolescents

Question: What is jila a big fan of?
Answer: teaching her students the course material

Question: What does she believe about going to school?
Answer: "we go to school to make a bigger impact

Question: What is an art?
Answer: teaching

Question: Come and do what for yourself?
Answer: check it out

Question: What does jila love to do?
Answer: teaching

Question: In addition to teaching, what does jila enjoy doing with her students?
Answer: mentoring

Question: What does she take the time to do with her students?
Answer: support and create relationships

Question: What does janet bangs research focus on?
Answer: how children learn language

Question: What type of families does she work with?
Answer: families from a variety of diverse backgrounds

Question: What does she strive to understand in her research and teaching?
Answer: individual and cultural differences

Question: Why is she dedicated to using her research?
Answer: to empower families and educators with new insights into how to support childrens development

Question: When is the next election?
Answer: (2021, april)

Question: When is the next election?
Answer: (2021, july)

Question: When is the next election?
Answer: (april, 2020)

Question: When is the next election?
Answer: (2021, november)

Question: What is used to classify child-directed speech from lena recordings?
Answer: automated classifier

Question: Where was the virtual presentation on language development?
Answer: boston university

Question: Who is fernald?
Answer: mora, a., marchman, v.,

Question: What is important during everyday activities in english- and spanish-speaking families?
Answer: caregiver-child verbal engagement

Question: What kind of presentation is the international association for the study of child language?
Answer: virtual

Question: What are the names of the people who contributed to this book?
Answer: s., bang, j., fernald, a.,

Question: What is the difference between books recited and books recited?
Answer: power of books:

Question: What is a naturally-occurring episode of two-year-olds' spontaneous talk?
Answer: book-sharing

Question: What kind of presentation is the poster at the international association for the study of child language?
Answer: virtual

Question: What are the names of the authors of the book?
Answer: mora, a., bang, j., segura, n.,

Question: What is language use during in 6-year-old spanish-english sequential bilinguals?
Answer: naturalistic caregiver-child interactions

Question: Where was the poster presented?
Answer: annual meeting of the society for research on adolescence

Question: Where was the poster presented?
Answer: society for research in child development,

Question: Who are the authors of this book?
Answer: ramrez, j., bohn, m., bang, j., marchman, v.,

Question: When is the release date?
Answer: (2020, june)

Question: What is the role of in childrens later language processing?
Answer: verbal and nonverbal behaviors

Question: What kind of presentation was this?
Answer: virtual

Question: What department is jennifer madigan in?
Answer: department of special education

Question: Where was madigan a professor from 2002 to 2018?
Answer: san jose state university

Question: Where did she serve as an assistant professor from 2016-2020?
Answer: university hawaii manoa department of special education

Question: In what college did she hold a position?
Answer: college of education,

Question: How long did madigan teach?
Answer: thirteen years

Question: Who did she serve as an educator?
Answer: students and families from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds

Question: What type of education did madigan study?
Answer: single-gender special education

Question: How many years has joy been working in child care?
Answer: over 20

Question: What has become her profession over the years?
Answer: her passion

Question: What type of lab does she work in?
Answer: preschool

Question: Who are Joy's practicum students?
Answer: chad

Question: In addition to colleagues, who else does she support with their observations?
Answer: sjsu students

Question: What does aguilars research focus on?
Answer: professional preparation and development among teacher candidates, in-service teachers, and faculty in effective practices for enhancing the educational opportunities of english learner (el) students across secondary and post-secondary classroom settings

Question: Who is co-teaching in support of ells?
Answer: pre-service science educators

Question: How many issues of the journal of education and culture studies are there?
Answer: 4

Question: Where can you find the issue?
Answer: http://www.scholink.org/ojs/index.php/jecs/issue/view/305

Question: What language is jolynn a native speaker of?
Answer: hawaiian creole

Question: Who holds a bachelor of music education degree from the university of new hampshire?
Answer: kara ireland d'ambrosio

Question: What is the name of the resource center at stanford university?
Answer: national board resource center

Question: What is a special interest of kara?
Answer: intercultural educational practices, preservice education, and interventions for income inequality

Question: What shapes every classroom experience for students from preschool to post-graduate?
Answer: the construction and composition of personal and professional identities of teachers

Question: What is kassab intrigued by?
Answer: how educators reflect upon and engage in developing their teaching selves in complex and changing contexts

Question: Who has spent over 20 years working in the field of child and adolescent development?
Answer: laura pirazzi

Question: Along with serving as a mental health counselor for adolescents, what was one of her previous positions?
Answer: teaching in early childhood education settings

Question: Who has experience as a behavioral therapist?
Answer: laura

Question: Why does she love to share her experiences with students at sjsu?
Answer: enhance learning

Question: Since what year has laura served as a major advisor in the chad department?
Answer: 2019

Question: Along with multicultural counseling, what is a topic of interest to Jennifer?
Answer: technology

Question: What program was choi a recipient of in 2017?
Answer: nasfa diversity impact program

Question: What does figt stand for?
Answer: families in global transitions

Question: What is another name for protivnak?
Answer: protivnak,

Question: What are the names of some of the people who are involved in this project?
Answer: j., pusateri, c., paylo,

Question: What is the name of the person who wrote the poem?
Answer: m.,

Question: What type of clients are invisible outsiders working with?
Answer: appalachian

Question: What is the title of the journal of counseling and professional psychology?
Answer: practitioner scholar:

Question: What is the range of pages in 6(1)?
Answer: 79-91

Question: Where did paylo get his information?
Answer: http://www.thepractitionerscholar.com/article/view/17403/11557

Question: What is the abbreviation for m?
Answer: m

Question: Who supports residence life professionals?
Answer: college counselors

Question: What is the range of ages in 6(1)?
Answer: 63-78

Question: Where did choi, k., and protivnak, j. get their information?
Answer: http://www.thepractitionerscholar.com/article/view/17579

Question: What is an example of leaping into the unknown?
Answer: experience of counseling students participating in group work with international students

Question: What is the name of the journal that publishes specialist in group work?
Answer: journal of specialist in group work

Question: How many -261?
Answer: 238

Question: What is the DOl:10.1080/01933922.2016.1197991?
Answer: dol:10.1080/01933922.2016.1197991

Question: Who is the author of the paper?
Answer: golloher, a.,

Question: Who is the author of the paper?
Answer: choi, k.,

Question: What is the name of the magazine created to support international lgbt students?
Answer: international safe zone

Question: What is the nafsa an association of?
Answer: international educators

Question: Where did lijadi get his newsletter?
Answer: https://issuu.com/nafsarainbow/docs/rainbow_newsletter_fall_2016

Question: What are the names of the people who lived in the Netherlands at the time of van reken?
Answer: a., van reken,

Question: Who are the authors of the paper?
Answer: r., choi, k., barron, j.,

Question: Who are the authors of the paper?
Answer: smith, m., wei, b., & rhee, j

Question: What is a third culture kid?
Answer: growing up among world

Question: What is the name of the international congress of psychology?
Answer: 32th

Question: What is prague?
Answer: czech republic

Question: What happened to the conference?
Answer: (conference canceled)

Question: What is reconsidering multiculturalism?
Answer: pathway to effective cross-cultural communication

Question: In what year was the aca conference held?
Answer: 2017

Question: Along with health, what does kim tsai's research center on?
Answer: adolescent psychosocial adjustment

Question: What types of designs does she use in her studies?
Answer: survey, daily experience sampling and longitudinal designs

Question: What is another name for l?
Answer: poza,

Question: What is another name for l?
Answer: simpson,

Question: What type of research is a role for social design experiments in school?
Answer: gentrification

Question: What is the name of the association that holds an annual meeting?
Answer: american educational research

Question: What is Toronto's answer to the question, "can" or "can't"?
Answer: can

Question: How many poza, l?
Answer: 5,

Question: What is the burgeoning inquiry into translanguaging?
Answer: definitions, implications, and further needs

Question: What is the name of the organization that holds the annual meeting?
Answer: american association of applied linguistics

Question: What city is in ga?
Answer: atlanta

Question: What is another term for stites?
Answer: stites,

Question: In what grade is social studies a part of decolonizing the curriculum?
Answer: 8th grade

Question: What is the name of the organization that hosts the winter conference?
Answer: colorado association for bilingual education

Question: What is the name of the co-op?
Answer: boulder

Question: Who teaches counseling and guidance graduate level courses?
Answer: lorri capizzi

Question: How long has she been supervising school counselors?
Answer: over 10 years


Question: How many years of federal grant administration experience does capizzi have?
Answer: over 15 years


Question: What is capizzi's expertise with underserved youth?
Answer: k12 to higher education

Question: What are some of her project partnerships?
Answer: california department of education, county offices of education foster and homeless divisions

Question: What is the name of the person who wrote the book?
Answer: lisa

Question: What type of credential does simpson teach?
Answer: education specialist credential

Question: What type of intervention is her research focused on?
Answer: peer-mediated interventions

Question: What is she examining to ensure preservice teachers are fully prepared to meet the needs of diverse learners in pk-12 classrooms?
Answer: cross-credential collaborations, co-teaching, and residency models

Question: What is the range of?
Answer: 301-312

Question: What is another name for a., a., & love?
Answer: golloher,

Question: What type of practice requires collaboration and best practices in preservice preparation?
Answer: high leverage

Question: What is the name of the conference for which the presentation was accepted?
Answer: teacher education division of the council for exceptional children

Question: What is the name of the city in which la is located?
Answer: new orleans,

Question: What is one way to develop collaboration skills in general and special education preservice candidates?
Answer: bridging the departmental divide

Question: What division of the council for exceptional children was the presentation for?
Answer: teacher education division

Question: What city is nv located in?
Answer: las vegas,

Question: What type of educators have a toolbox?
Answer: paraeducators

Question: What is available for students with autism spectrum disorders?
Answer: educational accommodations

Question: For whom was the poster presentation for the exceptional international conference?
Answer: council

Question: What is the closest city to Tampa?
Answer: tampa, fl

Question: What is marcella cardoza mccollum's profession?
Answer: bilingual speech-language pathologist

Question: What do her research interests focus on?
Answer: access of underrepresented student populations

Question: What settings has she worked in?
Answer: clinics, hospitals, public schools, and private practice

Question: Who has partnered with teachers, doctors, audiologists, occupational therapists, social workers, and music therapists?
Answer: mccollum

Question: maria's research centers on how young children learn from other people through what types of communication?
Answer: verbal and gesture-based communication

Question: What is a preschooler's skill that supports their ability to solve science-relevant problems in innovative ways?
Answer: asking questions

Question: What does maria study in addition to education?
Answer: preparation of undergraduate students for careers in infant/toddler care


Question: What are the challenges in higher education?
Answer: challenges in addressing the need for professional preparation of infant-toddler practitioners

Question: Where did fusaro, m. retrieve his paper?
Answer: https://educate.bankstreet.edu/occasional-paper-series/vol2019/iss42/10


Question: What association holds a convention in san francisco?
Answer: western psychological association

Question: Who is a professor of teacher education & faculty associate dean for research in the lurie college of education?
Answer: mark felton

Question: What does his research focus on in science and social science classrooms?
Answer: how students learn to reason with arguments and evidence

Question: How does he study students to arrive at more complex, nuanced or accurate levels of understanding?
Answer: students learn to leverage peer dialogue

Question: What is he studying among youth on social media?
Answer: civic discourse

Question: What field of study is my work anchored in?
Answer: sociology

Question: What is one of the core strands of my research?
Answer: historicizing and contextualizing

Question: What is a continuum that includes examining the experiences of first-generation faculty?
Answer: first-generation-ness

Question: Who was featured on a panel hosted by the ucla division of social sciences?
Answer: mara ledesma

Question: Who was featured on a panel at stanford's race, inequality, and language in education conference?
Answer: mara ledesma

Question: What do you need to do to see the full recording?
Answer: watch the full recording

Question: Who begins speaking at 36:42?
Answer: ledesma

Question: Who is l?
Answer: michael

Question: Who is a professor in the department of communicative disorders?
Answer: kimbarow, ph.d., ccc-slp

Question: How long has kimbarow worked with adults with neurogenic communication disorders?
Answer: more than 42 years

Question: Who is a past-president of the academy of neurologic communication disorders and sciences?
Answer: kimbarow

Question: What association is he a fellow of?
Answer: speech-language hearing

Question: What does love's research focus on?
Answer: students with disabilities

Question: What does udl stand for?
Answer: universal design for learning

Question: What is the name of the person who wrote 'Love, m.l.,' and 'golloher, a.'?
Answer: golloher, a.,

Question: What type of educators want to know about remote education?
Answer: special educators

Question: What expresses what?
Answer: ascd

Question: What do special educators want to know about remote education?
Answer: want-leaders-to-know-about-remote-education.aspx

Question: Who is a professor of child and adolescent development?
Answer: maureen smith

Question: Along with resilience and imagination, what is one of the subjects she teaches?
Answer: risk

Question: What writing course is she passionate about teaching?
Answer: 100w

Question: What has she been involved in to promote student success?
Answer: numerous projects related to curriculum and program development

Question: How many strands does her research have?
Answer: three

Question: What do undergraduate students need to focus on?
Answer: academic identity development and self-concept

Question: How much imagination is required to read for pleasure?
Answer: (3)

Question: What does imagination and fantasy do for preschoolers science relevant inquisitiveness?
Answer: correlates

Question: How many pages are in imagination, personality, and cognition?
Answer: 393-417

Question: What is one way women in engineering can promote their professional development?
Answer: promoting identity exploration

Question: When is the american society of engineering education conference and expo?
Answer: 2020

Question: What do blind, deaf, and typically developing school children lack?
Answer: imagination and well-being

Question: What is the range of pages in imagination, personality, and cognition?
Answer: 290-314

Question: What is another name for smith?
Answer: smith, m

Question: What is science-relevant problem solving related to?
Answer: preschoolers' inquisitiveness

Question: What is the range of pages in early childhood research quarterly?
Answer: 119-127

Question: Who studies cultural variations in the effects of parent-child conflict?
Answer: nadia sorkhabi

Question: What do mothers and fathers have in common?
Answer: parenting styles

Question: Along with mental health, academic achievement, social competence, communicative competence, and disclosure to parents, what has an impact on mental health, academic achievement, social competence, and disclosure to emerging adults?
Answer: marital conflict

Question: What type of muslims does she study about religious authority, parental authority, equality, and individual rights?
Answer: orthodox muslims

Question: What is the name of the person who wrote 'Amani, nazifi, m., and nazifi, m.'?
Answer: sorkhabi,

Question: What is the relationship between adolescent girls and their parents in iran?
Answer: parenting styles and academic achievement of early adolescent girls

Question: What is the doi for this paper?
Answer: doi

Question: What type of parenting practices can be used with adolescent self-esteem, problem behaviors, and competence?
Answer: domain-specific parenting practices

Question: What is the number of pages in 28(2)?
Answer: 505-518

Question: What is the name of the narrator of the Quran?
Answer: sorkhabi, n.,

Question: What is the answer to this question?
Answer: s

Question: What type of conflict is the most common?
Answer: parent-child

Question: Who was the author of the book?
Answer: bornstein

Question: What year was 1583?
Answer: 1582

Question: What is the name of the company that publishes thousand oaks: ca?
Answer: sage publications


Question: What type of interaction is there between parents and children?
Answer: home-school

Question: What year was 1897?
Answer: 1895

Question: What is the date of the acceptance?
Answer: (2019, accepted)

Question: What is the impact of parenting styles and marital conflict on lebanese emerging adults' depression?
Answer: impact of parenting styles and marital conflict on lebanese emerging adults' depression:

Question: What is the name of the symposium?
Answer: paper symposium

Question: Where will robert larzelere be presented?
Answer: national council

Question: In what state is Fort Worth located?
Answer: texas,

Question: When is 2019 expected to take place?
Answer: 20-23,

Question: What are the names of the authors?
Answer: sorkhabi, n., kuyel, n., & acar, m

Question: What affects religious and secular turkish adolescents and emerging adults reasoning about legitimacy of maternal authority?
Answer: effect of religion and the quality of parent-child relationship

Question: paper presented at the annual meeting of what society?
Answer: jean piaget

Question: In what month is portland, oregon?
Answer: june

Question: What are the mediators between lebanese emerging adults perceptions of their parents parenting styles and their self-esteem and academic achievement?
Answer: self-construal and parental psychological control

Question: Where was the event held?
Answer: minneapolis, minnesota, april 12

Question: Who is passionate about improving the quality of life of persons with cognitive-communication disorders?
Answer: nidhi mahendra

Question: What is dra, n?
Answer: n

Question: What is the date of the 2020 election?
Answer: (september 16, 2020)

Question: What does oped stand for?
Answer: communication disorders

Question: What is the name of the website that gives a voice to those with communication disorders?
Answer: https://visiblemagazine.com/give-voice-to-those-with-communication-disorders/

Question: What did nidhi mahendra present?
Answer: spartan aphasia research clinic

Question: What does paul cascellas research focus on?
Answer: services and supports for persons with developmental disabilities

Question: How many conference and workshop presentations does he have?
Answer: 75+

Question: Who is a professor of education at san jos state university?
Answer: roxana marachi

Question: Who is a professor of education at san jos state university?
Answer: patricia swanson

Question: At what university did she work as a bilingual teacher?
Answer: stanford university

Question: What does her current scholarship focus on?
Answer: teaching the critical foundations of algebra in academically and linguistically diverse classrooms

Question: What is another name for hyler?
Answer: m

Question: Who is jones?
Answer: e., markowitz, n., swanson, p., norman, p.,

Question: When is the next scheduled date?
Answer: (november, 2019)

Question: Along with social and emotional learning and cultural competence, what is an important aspect of teacher preparation?
Answer: equity

Question: Who hosted the webinar?
Answer: educator preparation laboratory

Question: What is the URL of the webinar?
Answer: https://learningpolicyinstitute.org/event/webinar-social-and-emotional-learning-cultural-competence-and-equity-teacher-preparation

Question: When was the last day of 2018?
Answer: january, 2018)

Question: Along with culturally responsive teaching, what type of teaching is discussed in this webinar?
Answer: social-emotional learning

Question: Who presented the presentation?
Answer: california commission on teacher credentialing, center for reaching and teaching the whole child, children now & san jos state university

Question: What year was the webinar?
Answer: 2013

Question: What is the letter for d?
Answer: d

Question: Who is jr?
Answer: bechtel

Question: How much is the foundation's co-pi?
Answer: $25,000

Question: In collaboration with whom?
Answer: dr

Question: Who is the center for reaching and teaching the whole child?
Answer: nancy markowitz

Question: In what year did the silicon valley community foundation receive $10,000?
Answer: 2013

Question: What is a pilot project to provide teacher scholarships for the advanced teaching certificate in common core mathematics?
Answer: pilot project to provide teacher scholarships for the advanced teaching certificate in common core mathematics

Question: What year was the grant given?
Answer: 2013

Question: What do the preservice lesson modules integrate into the content areas of mathematics and social studies?
Answer: common core reading standards

Question: What does pei-tzu's research focus on?
Answer: underlying factors and clinical management of stuttering, gender diverse voice and communication services, and graduate training of cultural-linguistic diversity in speech-language pathology

Question: Along with fluency disorders and voice disorders, what is the other type of disorder she provides clinical education and services for?
Answer: stuttering

Question: What is mahendra's occupation?
Answer: n.,

Question: Who are the authors of the book 'Tadokoro'?
Answer: t., brym, j., dessenberger, m., park, t., & tadokoro,

Question: What month is 2020?
Answer: march

Question: Who sings together in an intergenerational study?
Answer: adults with aphasia and children with stuttering

Question: What is the name of the association that holds the state convention in anaheim?
Answer: california speech language hearing association

Question: What is sjsu's spotify account?
Answer: lurie college of education


Question: Who is the chair of the department of special education?
Answer: peg hughes


Question: What two conditions had an impact on development in the early years of a child?
Answer: down syndrome and visual impairment

Question: What are some of the interdisciplinary programs she is developing?
Answer: co-teaching and partnerships with school districts


Question: Who is the faculty executive director of the institute for emancipatory education?
Answer: rebeca burciaga

Question: Who is a lecturer and supervisor of secondary student teachers?
Answer: mckay

Question: Where did he begin his teaching career?
Answer: mountain view high school

Question: What school district did he join after completing his doctorate?
Answer: franklin-mckinley

Question: How many administrative positions did he hold?
Answer: numerous

Question: What did the principal do as a principal?
Answer: opened a new school

Question: Along with the instructional program, what did the school design?
Answer: they designed the schools curriculum

Question: Who has taught at the university of the pacific as a supervisor of intern-teachers?
Answer: mckay

Question: What two subjects does he teach part-time in local high schools?
Answer: english and history

Question: What kind of slides are effective?
Answer: history slides

Question: How many (3)?
Answer: 3

Question: What is mckay's gender?
Answer: r

Question: In praise of what type of teachers?
Answer: substitute

Question: Whose research and practice focus on reframing dominant visions of queer young people?
Answer: robert marxs

Question: What organization uses a variety of research methods to better understand and promote marginalized youths development?
Answer: marx

Question: What is the subject of the book that the author is a former high school teacher of?
Answer: english


Question: What sport earned her a ph.d?
Answer: kataoka

Question: Where did you study linguistics in 2021?
Answer: uc berkeley

Question: What courses has she taught since joining sjsu?
Answer: ge and linguistics

Question: When is she not teaching?
Answer: when she is not teaching,

Question: What type of signals does kataoka study?
Answer: continuous and variable acoustic signals

Question: What do her current research topics center around?
Answer: plasticity and variability of the human auditory system

Question: When did george orwell move my cheese?
Answer: nineteen eighty-four

Question: Who is johnson's father?
Answer: spencer

Question: What is the name of the book by neil shubin?
Answer: blanchard your inner fish

Question: Where is shenzhen located?
Answer: quintanar-sarellana,

Question: What is the date for the release of the book?
Answer: (forthcoming)

Question: What type of education is a strategy for learning?
Answer: bilingual

Question: Where is w located?
Answer: in

Question: What is the Spanish word for torre?
Answer: de la torre

Question: What is the answer to the question of what word?
Answer: t

Question: What is the name of the mountain?
Answer: montano

Question: What is inequality for none?
Answer: transforming practices

Question: What is the name of the city in ia?
Answer: dubuque,

Question: What is the name of the publishing company?
Answer: kendall hunt

Question: mon, ao, t?
Answer: t

Question: What is another name for quintanar-sarellana?
Answer: quintanar-sarellana,

Question: Do esl textbooks tap the linguistic and cultural capital of our long-term english language learners?
Answer: do esl textbooks tap the linguistic and cultural capital

Question: Who is hickman?
Answer: hickman,

Question: What is another name for profilio?
Answer: profilio,

Question: What is another name for profilio?
Answer: b

Question: The new politics of the textbook problematizes the portrayal of what in textbooks?
Answer: marginalized groups

Question: What kind of publishers are in the netherlands?
Answer: sense

Question: Along with teacher leadership programs, what type of programs use culturally sustaining pedagogy?
Answer: teacher education

Question: What is the name of the program that focuses on creating chapter democracy through anti-racism, social justice, and inclusion?
Answer: cta instruction and professional development, ucla summer institute 2019

Question: Where is the american association of university professors summer institute?
Answer: roosevelt

Question: What is the name of the santa clara county of education's collaboration with stanford university?
Answer: instructional leadership corps

Question: Where can you find all of the personality playlists from lurie college of education?
Answer: lurie college of education spotify account

Question: Whose research publications have focused on evaluations of policies and programs related to school violence prevention, high-stakes testing, and privatization?
Answer: marachis

Question: Her current interests are focused on what in the integration of emerging technologies in education?
Answer: bridging research-to-practice gaps

Question: What position did marachi hold from 2019 to 2021?
Answer: education chair of the ca/hi state naacp

Question: What does visintainer's research focus on?
Answer: issues of equity in science education

Question: What does she examine that fosters inclusion, community development, and the co-development of students science and racial identities?
Answer: types of instructional and pedagogical resources

Question: Who is a lecturer in the department of child & adolescent development?
Answer: sylvia branca

Question: What does the university of texas at austin offer?
Answer: human development and family sciences

Question: Along with parent-child relations, what was the subject of the earlier research?
Answer: parenting

Question: What do her most recent research and professional activities focus on?
Answer: better understanding elements of effective pedagogy in large classes

Question: What is brancas driving belief?
Answer: learning is a lifelong process

Question: What is the name of the s?
Answer: saili

Question: What intersections does kulkarni's research highlight in teacher education?
Answer: disability and race

Question: Who examines restorative and humanizing practices for young children with disabilities?
Answer: kulkarni

Question: What is shawn vecellio's job title?
Answer: itinerant lecturer

Question: What types of courses has he taught?
Answer: credential and masters

Question: What does his research focus on?
Answer: facilitation strategies

Question: Who enjoys the challenge of co-creating a courageous space?
Answer: shawn

Question: What college has been preparing some of the best, brightest, and most committed educators in the bay area?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education

Question: What kind of stance do we take in our teaching, research, and service?
Answer: emancipatory

Question: What creates opportunities for our college and our donors to work together?
Answer: fundraising priorities

Question: What is the mission of the sjsu healthy development clinic?
Answer: promoting equity through wellness for children, youth, and families in the lowest income areas

Question: Where will the clinic be located?
Answer: oak grove high school

Question: What kind of experience do our faculty have?
Answer: extensive experience working in and directing training clinics

Question: What will sjsu faculty provide to advanced graduate students?
Answer: live supervision and on-site consultation

Question: What kind of approach does this model provide to extending community-based services?
Answer: cost-effective

Question: Who is a pioneer in this work to help meet the holistic needs of children, youth, and families in the local communities?
Answer: sjsus

Question: What is the space in desperate need of as we prepare for the full opening of the clinic?
Answer: renovation

Question: What is needed to meet the needs of clients?
Answer: new furniture, top of the line equipment, and development of individualized curriculum

Question: What entails methods of teaching and learning that encourage students to become aware of their individual reality?
Answer: emancipatory education

Question: What will the results of their investigation stimulate?
Answer: their questioning of reality

Question: What creates more equitable and inclusive educational systems?
Answer: iee

Question: How much debt do students graduate from sjsu with?
Answer: $18,424

Question: Where is sunnyvale located?
Answer: san jos - santa clara

Question: What does reducing financial barriers and future debt allow our students to do?
Answer: focus on their education and increases the liklihood that they can afford to remain in their profession

Question: What does kaccd stand for?
Answer: kay armstead center for communicative disorders

Question: What did we invest in to update our diagnostic evaluation clinic?
Answer: video otoscopy equipment and ipad pros equipped with therapy apps

Question: What does the child development laboratory preschool enhance the development of young children?
Answer: intellectual, emotional, and social

Question: Why were we able to raise over $10,000 in spring 2021?
Answer: to invest in new play yard that both promotes inclusivity and enhances the quality of care and instruction offered to the toddler lab students

Question: What college do you belong to?
Answer: lurie

Question: What kind of approach do we use in our teaching, scholarship, and service?
Answer: emancipatory

Question: What does the sjsu lurie college of education support?
Answer: support of culturally sustaining, equity driven, and justice focused pedagogies

Question: What do our faculty, students, staff, alumni, and community partners confront in their work?
Answer: structural racism, inequity, and oppression

Question: What type of pressure is there on educators?
Answer: tremendous pressure and scrutiny

Question: What are the deans and leaders from campuses across the california state university system allied with?
Answer: educators who advance culturally sustaining, equity driven, and justice focused pedagogies

Question: Who read the statement connect with us online join us on our social media platforms?
Answer: dean heather lattimer and associate dean marcos pizarro

Question: What is the main focus of the site?
Answer: transparency, open conversations

Question: What can you do to support the hdcc?
Answer: become a sponsor of the hdcc today

Question: What is the age range of children and youth we focus on?
Answer: 0-17 years

Question: What do we use to identify need for evaluations?
Answer: screenings

Question: In what formats are educational programs available?
Answer: individual, family, and group formats

Question: What does the year long teacher residency program center on?
Answer: student teaching placement at a single school site

Question: Who is responsible for cultivating genius and joy in education?
Answer: gholdy muhammad

Question: What is the name of the student who attends lurie college?
Answer: sjsu connie

Question: What is wendy quach's profession?
Answer: speech language pathologist

Question: Along with complex communication needs, what is aac used for?
Answer: motor speech disorders

Question: What is the title of the position she holds at Washington University in St. Louis?
Answer: department graduate program director

Question: What research focuses on amplifying the voices of women of color in k-12 educational leadership?
Answer: lacys

Question: Who can apply for these awards?
Answer: current and newly-admitted students

Question: How many applications does the updated application process require?
Answer: one single

Question: What does the system automatically match applicants for?
Answer: all eligible scholarships

Question: How many csu campuses are there?
Answer: 23

Question: Who made the endowment for the lurie college of education scholarship?
Answer: bertha kalm

Question: When was the scholarship established?
Answer: 1995

Question: How many scholarships will be awarded in the 2022-2023 academic year?
Answer: up to four scholarships of $10,000 each will be awarded to students in the 2022-2023 academic year

Question: In what year of graduate school must a student be eligible to apply?
Answer: first year

Question: Who may students contact to apply for this scholarship?
Answer: tenure-track faculty

Question: Where can you learn more about the application process, important dates, and selection criteria?
Answer: college of graduate studies' webpage

Question: How much does the teacher education department offer as a scholarship?
Answer: $250

Question: What can you do today?
Answer: apply

Question: What act allows undocumented students to apply for financial aid?
Answer: california dream act

Question: What type of grants are included in the ca dream act?
Answer: eop or eops

Question: Along with school-specific scholarships, what type of scholarships are included in the program?
Answer: middle-class

Question: What can give you access to dream loans at the csu or uc even if you are undocumented?
Answer: ca dream act

Question: When does the california dream act open each year?
Answer: october

Question: What application are students encouraged to file by the priority filing date?
Answer: dream act

Question: When can applications be submitted?
Answer: after the priority filling date

Question: What may be limited?
Answer: funding

Question: What is the name of the person who runs the financial aid office at sjsu?
Answer: connie

Question: What are elementary and secondary teacher candidates required to pass before applying for their preliminary multiple subject or single subject credential?
Answer: an approved teacher performance assessment

Question: What has the teacher education department at sjsu lurie college of education adopted?
Answer: the california teacher performance assessment

Question: Where will you have many opportunities to engage in practice opportunities to prepare you for the caltpa?
Answer: within your coursework and student teaching

Question: Who wants to support you as you're completing your caltpa requirements?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: Who can follow up with you if you need to borrow equipment?
Answer: our it team

Question: Where is the lurie college of education?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: Who will provide an overview of the college and majors?
Answer: deans and department chairs

Question: What will you learn about to enhance your academic experience at sjsu?
Answer: services and resources

Question: What is the email address for the luriecollege?
Answer: luriecollege@sjsu.edu

Question: During what days did we hold several virtual events?
Answer: admitted spartan days

Question: Along with majors, what did you learn about during the welcome session?
Answer: the college

Question: Where can you meet the academic advisors at Washington University?
Answer: student success center

Question: What is the email address for the lurie college of education?
Answer: luriecollege-successcenter@sjsu.edu

Question: What semesters will you be able to watch episodes from?
Answer: fall 2020 and spring 2021

Question: What type of ambassadors do we have?
Answer: student success center

Question: Whose news is featured on the lurie college blog?
Answer: chad

Question: Where can you find additional cd&s news?
Answer: lurie college

Question: Who do you want to get to know before you arrive on campus?
Answer: faculty in your department

Question: What can you watch to get an overview of our strategic priorities, academic departments, student spaces and services, and student organizations and leadership opportunities?
Answer: virtual tour

Question: What was edith urbano's major?
Answer: child and adolescent development

Question: What are the names of the $2,500 scholarships for students in the lurie college of education teacher credential program with demonstrated financial need?
Answer: william and charlene glikbarg

Question: Who provided the scholarship opportunity for bilingual teacher credential program candidates?
Answer: susan hanson

Question: What is the email address to email if you have any follow up questions?
Answer: childdev@sjsu.edu

Question: Along with scholarships, what type of grants have some of our students received?
Answer: lurie college grants

Question: In what year was jacqueline lopez rivas selected as the student speaker for the sjsu lurie college of education graduation celebration?
Answer: 2020

Question: What is the full recording of the ceremony?
Answer: watch the full recording of the ceremony above

Question: What article did melody mann publish in the sjsu mcnair scholars program research journal?
Answer: understanding child noncompliance

Question: Where can you read the article?
Answer: bit.ly/32gj4ba

Question: What endowment award did jennifer villegas lopez receive?
Answer: florian and grace niemcziek

Question: Along with student life, what type of life did she have?
Answer: academic

Question: Who received a lurie college grant to attend the annual latinx leads conference?
Answer: luz nicacio and liliana adler

Question: What has shaped the speakers going forward?
Answer: their experiences at the conference

Question: What foundation supports early childhood education candidates in their first year?
Answer: becky morgan foundation

Question: Who provided the opportunity for prospective students?
Answer: becky morgan foundation

Question: Who will learn a little about you if you are selected?
Answer: dean lattimer

Question: When will those who are selected to dine with the dean receive an email notification?
Answer: approximately 1 week before each meal

Question: Who is still eligible to be selected for a future meal?
Answer: those who aren't selected for a meal

Question: How many meals per academic year are lurie college students allowed to attend?
Answer: one

Question: Who is the dean of sjsu?
Answer: connie

Question: What is a student-led initiative at the sjsu lurie college of education that examines what emancipatory education is?
Answer: emancipatory education

Question: Who are our student co-hosts?
Answer: abby, aminah, ana, vaishnavi, and victor

Question: Who are our student co-hosts?
Answer: anne, gabi, jackie, leslye, and vinson

Question: What do the students do during the semester?
Answer: they also share a preview of some of the topics they plan to discuss in more detail

Question: What are some additional resources shared in this episode?
Answer: - asher,

Question: What is the name of the episode in which victor leads a dialogue around decolonization in education?
Answer: decolonization and education: locating pedagogy and self at the interstices in global times

Question: What was the first question the co-hosts asked?
Answer: what is your initial reaction

Question: What did you have in mind after reading the article?
Answer: example or question

Question: What topic would you describe to a student?
Answer: decolonization

Question: What would efforts to education look like?
Answer: decolonize

Question: What article did nina asher read prior to the episode?
Answer: decolonization and education: locating pedagogy and self at the interstices in global times

Question: What can be experienced by the narrow thinking developed by the human mind?
Answer: the effects of colonization

Question: As we return to society, must we be more or less aware of how we interact with each other?
Answer: more mindful

Question: What begins with decolonizing one's own mind?
Answer: decolonization

Question: What type of standardized testing does aminah lead a dialogue around?
Answer: high-stakes

Question: What did the co-hosts ask about their initial reactions to the book?
Answer: - what are your initial reactions

Question: Do you have any questions or what that came to mind after the reading?
Answer: examples

Question: What do you think standardized testing practices affect?
Answer: racial inequality

Question: How can we support students who are affected by the inequalities of standardized testing?
Answer: how can we support students who are affected by the inequalities of standardized testing,

Question: What would standardized testing alternatives achieve?
Answer: racial equality

Question: Is this something we need to measure?
Answer: something we even need to measure

Question: What is this episode's call to action?
Answer: raise our awareness of how biases in standardized testing affect our students

Question: What does vaishnavi talk about in education in this episode?
Answer: inequality and access

Question: What were the co-hosts' questions framed by?
Answer: - what are some examples of initiatives at the classroom, school/university, state, or federal level

Question: What are some examples of missed opportunities?
Answer: ineffective initiatives

Question: What is a factor in schooling in low income communities?
Answer: race

Question: What type of examples were provided?
Answer: videos

Question: What stood out to you?
Answer: anything

Question: What did we see in the crash course video?
Answer: higher income parents are more likely to spend time with their children reading books and strengthening their cognitive skills

Question: Which children enter school with more knowledge compared to a child from a lower income household?
Answer: higher income

Question: How can we support these young children early on to ensure that they are successful throughout their school journey?
Answer: how can we support these young children early on to ensure that they are successful throughout their school journey

Question: What is a great way for students to get grants and money?
Answer: fafsa

Question: What do you think is a simple process for low income families?
Answer: fafsa

Question: What is the answer to the question of why or why not?
Answer: why

Question: What are the factors that count against in the college admissions process?
Answer: low income students

Question: Do you think that students with low budgets will have no hope of attending good colleges?
Answer: students that attend schools with extremely low budgets

Question: What article did anya kamenetz write?
Answer: 5 ways elite-college admissions shut out poor kids

Question: How many resources does sjsu provide to support students?
Answer: one

Question: Do you think this resource is helpful?
Answer: do you think this resource is helpful

Question: What would you recommend instead of sjsu?
Answer: sjsu

Question: What type of education does ana lead a dialogue around?
Answer: antiracist

Question: What were the co-hosts' initial reactions to the articles and the video?
Answer: - what was your initial reaction

Question: Did anything surprise or surprise you?
Answer: surprise

Question: What type of education would you define?
Answer: antiracist

Question: What do you think are for teachers?
Answer: antiracist strategies

Question: Do you agree or disagree with the ideas presented in the video?
Answer: do you agree with the ones presented

Question: What does the first article discuss the need to include in all subjects?
Answer: anti-racist education

Question: How do you think they can accomplish this?
Answer: schools and districts

Question: Along with schools, who was prevented from offering diversity training?
Answer: federally funded agencies

Question: Under whose administration is this no longer an issue?
Answer: biden

Question: What do you think is the likelihood of a future administration trying to enact such policies?
Answer: what do you think is the likelihood of a future administration trying to enact such policies,

Question: What type of education is there a challenge to implementing?
Answer: antiracist

Question: What can we do about these problems?
Answer: how can we overcome

Question: What is important to you?
Answer: antiracist education

Question: What type of education do schools need to commit to?
Answer: antiracist

Question: What is the call to action in this episode?
Answer: six ways to be an antiracist educator

Question: What do you need to think about in order to apply these ideas outside of the classroom?
Answer: what it would look like for you to implement such practices in your daily life

Question: What can you do to combat in your community?
Answer: racism

Question: What type of threat does abby talk about in this episode?
Answer: stereotype

Question: What questions did the co-hosts of the tedtalk ask?
Answer: - what resonated with you

Question: Did anything surprise or challenge your previous ways of thinking?
Answer: surprise

Question: What did we start today doing?
Answer: sharing some of our layers

Question: What was coming up for you about yourself as you consumed adichies talk?
Answer: single stories

Question: What igbo word does adichie reference?
Answer: nkali

Question: What type of stories exist because there are those who have the power to write the definitive stories of a person or group of people?
Answer: single stories

Question: Who has the power of telling the story of people?
Answer: our media

Question: What do you see in the media?
Answer: single stories

Question: What is it important to understand about ourselves and others?
Answer: single stories

Question: What is it important for educators to identify when?
Answer: single stories

Question: What did the article discuss?
Answer: stereotype threat

Question: What are your thoughts on those suggestions?
Answer: what are your thoughts

Question: Is it enough or not enough?
Answer: enough

Question: What else could be done?
Answer: what else

Question: Who is the author of "the danger of a single story"?
Answer: chimamanda ngozi adichie

Question: What can we build one story at a time?
Answer: bridges across differences

Question: Along with k-12, at what university did the students discuss the implementation of ethnic studies?
Answer: california state university

Question: What is the name of the bill that was mentioned in the episode?
Answer: california assembly bill 1460

Question: What is the call to action for this episode?
Answer: take some time to invest in your own cultural responsiveness

Question: What is the call to action for this episode?
Answer: reflect on and discuss a time from your k-12 experience where you learned a view of history that you later learned was untrue

Question: What is the call to action for this episode?
Answer: research and discuss the upcoming california propositions

Question: What is the name of the resource mentioned in the article?
Answer: terisa siagatonu ethnic studies

Question: What is the name of the song on spotify?
Answer: "the miseducation of larry p"

Question: What topic does leslye discuss with anne, gabi, jackie, and vinson?
Answer: california's proposition 16

Question: What is california proposition 16, repeal proposition 209 affirmative action amendment (2020) by ballotpedia?
Answer: california proposition 16, repeal proposition 209 affirmative action amendment (2020) by ballotpedia

Question: Who wrote about the impact of proposition 209 on underrepresented students on ucop.edu?
Answer: zachary bleemer

Question: What does zachary bleemer write about on ucop.edu?
Answer: [pdf]

Question: What would proposition 16 bring back to california?
Answer: 16 would bring affirmative action back to california, critics say its not necessary"

Question: Who wrote 'property' on edsource?
Answer: smith

Question: What newspaper did blake evans appear on?
Answer: dailycal

Question: Who wants to kill affirmative action in higher education?
Answer: equal opportunity for all by california teachers association

Question: Who is the author of "the activity gap"?
Answer: lisa delpit

Question: What is another term for mindfulness?
Answer: self care

Question: What are some examples of personal experiences?
Answer: what went well, where was there room from growth, what was something you needed/wanted in your academic experience

Question: What is the name of the book by michelle chatman at tedxustreetwomen?
Answer: "healing the harm in schools"

Question: When are the town halls for belong@sjsu?
Answer: (nov 12 & 13 - thursday & friday 1:00-2:30pm)

Question: What can students and faculty add to their canvas account?
Answer: pronouns

Question: What can you add to your mysjsu account?
Answer: pronouns

Question: What do students at sjsu apply to leadership today?
Answer: students at sjsu apply to leadership today

Question: How will you introduce yourself at the retreat?
Answer: your common name (the name you go by) and pronouns (if you feel comfortable sharing)

Question: What does it take to let people be themselves?
Answer: it takes everyone to make a difference

Question: What is the name of the book by nate monson?
Answer: "the post-modern queer youth experience" by nate monson at tedxwartburgcollege

Question: Who is the author of the episode "it starts with teachers"?
Answer: evie blad

Question: What does kendrick lamar say?
Answer: "apply yourself to supply your wealth"

Question: Who can you contact for additional resources?
Answer: student success center

Question: Where can you find the latest updates about the commencement ceremony?
Answer: the sjsu commencement website

Question: What will you find information about?
Answer: event dates, academic regalia, graduation photos,

Question: When should you expect to receive an email if you are graduating in spring 2023?
Answer: commencement

Question: Who may you reach out to if you have not received communication by the end of april?
Answer: the commencement team

Question: What is the email address for sjsu?
Answer: commencement@sjsu.edu

Question: Congratulations to what new lurie college of education alumni?
Answer: sjsu

Question: What kind of educators, counselors, therapists and community leaders are you prepared to be?
Answer: transformative

Question: Would we like for you to stay connected with us as you transition into your next chapters?
Answer: we would love for you to stay connected with us

Question: What can alumni do to help the college?
Answer: actively participate in the continued growth

Question: What is the name of the center that can help you with the application process?
Answer: student success center

Question: The online graduation application is open for students who have earned how many units?
Answer: 85 units

Question: Where can you meet with an advisor if you have questions about the online process?
Answer: the lurie college of education student success center

Question: How many steps does it take to finalize your graduate degree?
Answer: two-step

Question: Where can you meet with an advisor?
Answer: lurie college of education student success center

Question: Where can you file for a credential after completing the credential program?
Answer: the credential services office

Question: Where can you learn more and start the application process?
Answer: sjsu.edu/education/fellows

Question: What types of students are supported by the research grant?
Answer: undergraduate, credential and graduate students

Question: What are these awards designed to support?
Answer: student-faculty collaboration

Question: How much is the funding for these awards?
Answer: $2,000 for a semester or $4,000 for an academic year

Question: What provides funding to hire student research assistants?
Answer: student research assistant grant for faculty

Question: Who does the funding go to?
Answer: student research assistants

Question: What is due by the end of the month?
Answer: applications

Question: What is included in the applications?
Answer: details about each award

Question: Who can you contact if you have questions about developing the concept or approach to your application?
Answer: marcos.pizarro@sjsu.edu

Question: Who can you contact if you have questions about submitting the application?
Answer: ana.paz-rangel@sjsu.edu

Question: What college is proud to provide financial support to its students who are presenting their research at conferences?
Answer: lurie college

Question: How many grants are available to undergraduate, graduate, credential, and doctoral students?
Answer: up to one $500 grant per fiscal year

Question: How many grants are available to undergraduate, graduate, credential, and doctoral students?
Answer: up to one $200 grant per fiscal year

Question: What form do you need to complete to apply for a conference?
Answer: student conference travel application form

Question: What college is proud to provide financial support to its students who are in need of supplies to conduct their academic research?
Answer: lurie college

Question: How many grants are available to undergraduate, graduate, credentialed, and doctoral students?
Answer: up to one $200 grant per fiscal year

Question: How much funding is available?
Answer: limited amount

Question: What form do you need to complete to apply?
Answer: student research supplies application form

Question: Which college has a limited amount of grant funds available to support its students who have experienced unforeseen financial hardship?
Answer: lurie college

Question: Who is available year-round?
Answer: advisors

Question: What is the name of the college in which you are currently enrolled?
Answer: lurie college

Question: How much money does the teacher education assistance for college and higher education grant program provide?
Answer: up to $4,000 per academic year

Question: What is the name of the office that handles financial aid at sjsu?
Answer: the sjsu financial aid & scholarship office

Question: What does gstg stand for?
Answer: golden state teacher grant program

Question: How much does the california student aid commission award?
Answer: $20,000

Question: What state has a teacher grant program?
Answer: golden state

Question: What does the edith nourse rogers stem scholarship provide?
Answer: up to nine months of additional post-9/11 gi bill entitlement

Question: To learn more, where can you go?
Answer: visit the u.s

Question: What department has a website?
Answer: department of veterans affairs

Question: What do we believe is a collaborative and transformative educational process where students and their advisors work jointly to develop plans for achievement of the students personal, academic, and professional goals?
Answer: academic advising

Question: What is the name of the student success center?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: Where can undergraduate, graduate, credential, and doctoral students find resources?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What is the phone number for the student success center?
Answer: 408-924-2700 luriecollege-successcenter@sjsu.edu sjsu connie

Question: What did the inaugural event highlight?
Answer: lurie college undergraduate, graduate, credential, and doctoral students' academic accomplishments from the fall 2019 semester

Question: What college is community engaged, interdisciplinary, and culturally sustaining?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What is ana's degree?
Answer: master of arts in education

Question: How has ana created liberatory spaces for students in her classrooms?
Answer: an anti-racist lens, ana has created liberatory spaces for students in her k-12 classrooms

Question: What is one of the ways that she has made a difference in the lives of her students?
Answer: supervising student teachers in their credential programs, her praxis has made a tangible and observable difference in the lives of her students

Question: What is the name of ana's organization?
Answer: quetzal education consulting

Question: Who are the graduate students in the cd&s journal club?
Answer: jamie kuwae and sandy hemprich

Question: This session will feature two panel discussions about what type of club?
Answer: journal club

Question: Who will the attendees be able to chat with during the panel discussions?
Answer: cd&s journal club

Question: Who are paul cascella's graduate students?
Answer: mckenzie campana, elvia hernandez, rachel safier, and laura sheldon

Question: What are demonstrated by the students?
Answer: specific self-care strategies and mindfulness interventions

Question: What is shared with students and educators?
Answer: the key research findings (themes) and implications for students and educators based on the qualitative data collected from the students

Question: Who is kyoung mi choi?
Answer: joe naranjo-gonzalez

Question: How can educators disrupt the deficit perspective on non-english speakers?
Answer: utilizing a translanguaging pedagogy

Question: Who is the undergraduate student that studied communicative disorders & sciences?
Answer: danielle umana

Question: Who will lead a discussion of a language sample of a four year child with a stutter?
Answer: alejandra romo and aminah sheikh

Question: Who are the co-hosts of the book boat podcast?
Answer: alejandra valencia and jocelyn rodriguez

Question: Who is the strategic communications & signature events coordinator?
Answer: brian cheung dooley

Question: What type of program did students create for the class project?
Answer: synchronous

Question: What did they create to complement their program?
Answer: asynchronous materials

Question: Who did aubrey uresti work with?
Answer: yisel ayon, john mason, rosa ramsdell, lupita yanez

Question: In what course did aubrey uresti teach?
Answer: edco 227

Question: In what course did oscar gomez, jasmin herrera, ileana hurtado, and miriam orozco work?
Answer: edco 227

Question: What is aubrey uresti's degree?
Answer: phd

Question: What is saili kulkarni's degree?
Answer: phd

Question: Who is a credential student in special education?
Answer: claudia medina

Question: Who is a credential student in special education?
Answer: ana burgara-hernandez

Question: What do the lessons incorporate in order to be engaging to and inclusive of a broad range of learners?
Answer: culturally sustaining supports

Question: Who is a graduate and credential student in special education?
Answer: efrain barajas

Question: Who is a graduate student in counselor education?
Answer: anne lockmiller

Question: What does the student-led initiative at sjsu lurie college of education examine?
Answer: emancipatory education

Question: What have the student co-hosts engaged in a series of dialogues about?
Answer: critical topics

Question: What year was our learning showcase?
Answer: spring 2021

Question: What can you learn more about below?
Answer: each of the sessions

Question: Who are the undergraduate students, communicative disorders & sciences - paul cascella, phd - professor, communicative disorders & sciences - lyle lustigman, phd - assistant professor, communicative disorders & sciences?
Answer: alejandra romo and aminah sheikh

Question: Who is the communication and events coordinator for the dean's office?
Answer: brian cheung dooley

Question: What did rachel mein write about?
Answer: "administrator perceptions on the barriers in coteaching"

Question: Who is the author of "administrative supports of general education teachers"?
Answer: kaede hamilton

Question: What will graduate students who are completing their ma in special education share?
Answer: graduate students who are completing their ma in special education will share their final research presentations

Question: Who is hyun-sook park?
Answer: hyun-sook park, phd - professor, special education

Question: Who is the assistant professor, special education?
Answer: rebecca cruz, phd

Question: What is matthew love's job title?
Answer: assistant professor, special education 2:20

Question: What will graduate students who are completing their ma in special education share their final research presentations?
Answer: graduate students who are completing their ma in special education will share their final research presentations

Question: Who is lisa simpson?
Answer: lisa simpson, edd - associate professor, special education

Question: Who will share their final research presentations?
Answer: students who are completing their multiple subject and single subject credential programs

Question: Who are the students who are completing their multiple subject and single subject credential programs?
Answer: tehmina antulay, lauren bordessa, diane lee, kelly mcwilliams, anthony nguyen, kelsey sawamura, xue yang, & wendy yin

Question: Who are the students who are completing their multiple subject and single subject credential programs?
Answer: eunice cheung, samantha edwards, brittany hilker, paula laluan, mayra morales alvarez, vanessa ocana, and jacey phipps

Question: Who wrote "flying children: pedagogical stance on healing & sustainability for black children"?
Answer: tiffani marie

Question: What types of students will share their final research presentations?
Answer: multiple subject and single subject credential programs

Question: What is the name of the graduate student who teaches counselor education in virtual, hybrid, and in-person learning spaces?
Answer: haley lips

Question: What type of wellness can these moments support?
Answer: holistic

Question: How did the brain break tool evolve from a class participation opportunity to a tool for graduate students in school counseling?
Answer: international conference presentation

Question: What is the name of the department in which aubrey uresti and bianka olazaba and kristen huey work?
Answer: child & adolescent development

Question: What type of student has recently been in these roles?
Answer: chad

Question: What does rayna friendly have?
Answer: phd

Question: What was the name of bettina love's course?
Answer: the edse 102 atypical/typical language development (area

Question: Who is the assistant professor, special education at sjsu connie l?
Answer: saili kulkarni, phd

Question: Who is the leader of the lurie college initiative?
Answer: connie

Question: How many community members shared their stories during the spring 2019 semester?
Answer: 57

Question: What is available on the lurie college blog?
Answer: individual stories

Question: Who can continue to participate in this initiative by completing the form below?
Answer: current lurie college students, alumni, faculty, and staff

Question: Who does this initiative highlight?
Answer: lurie college students

Question: What will lurie college students who are selected as storytellers gain?
Answer: lurie college students who are selected as storytellers

Question: What type of program is ana isabel hahs a part of?
Answer: teacher education single subject credential program

Question: What do caryn and ana talk about?
Answer: taking a break

Question: Along with ana, for whom do things start to ramp up as we approach the middle of the semester?
Answer: caryn

Question: Who take us through a day in their lives and make matcha?
Answer: caryn and ana

Question: What are caryn and ana's jobs?
Answer: speech and language pathologist

Question: What college do our storytellers leave?
Answer: lurie

Question: Who will you sit back, laugh, and relax with?
Answer: lurie college storytellers

Question: Where are our storytellers from?
Answer: lurie college

Question: caryn and ana get ready for what break?
Answer: thanksgiving

Question: Along with ana, who shared some final experiences from their semesters?
Answer: caryn

Question: What college prides itself in creating and advocating for opportunities for undergraduate, graduate, credentialed, and doctoral students to participate in valuable research opportunities?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education

Question: What college is pleased to offer up to three student-research awards for the 2020-2021 academic year?
Answer: lurie college

Question: How much can a student receive per semester?
Answer: $2,000

Question: When was the deadline to apply for the award?
Answer: april 12,

Question: What type of application do you need to submit?
Answer: student research supplies

Question: When does this event take place?
Answer: at the end of the fall and spring semesters

Question: What is the name of the webpage you can visit to learn more?
Answer: learning showcase

Question: What does urg stand for?
Answer: undergraduate research grant

Question: Who is the new initiative designed to support?
Answer: students engaged in rsca with a faculty mentor

Question: Where can you find out how to apply for awards of up to $3500?
Answer: office of research

Question: What is the long-standing student research competition now designated as?
Answer: sjsu student rsca

Question: What does csu stand for?
Answer: statewide california state university

Question: Where can you find out more about how to compete?
Answer: office of research

Question: Who is alaysia palmer?
Answer: lurie college student

Question: What is the name of the campus-wide competition for the best short research presentation by a graduate student?
Answer: grad slam

Question: What will graduate students be judged on during the competition?
Answer: their ability to successfully engage a non-specialist audience

Question: Who will be on the panel?
Answer: sjsu staff, faculty, students, alumni, city officials, and industry professionals

Question: What is the name of the college where you can learn more about how to compete?
Answer: college of graduate studies

Question: Who did the video above feature?
Answer: jayme harms

Question: What supports first generation, low income, or underrepresented students in their applications to doctoral programs?
Answer: mcnair scholars

Question: What website can you visit to learn more?
Answer: sjsu mcnair scholars

Question: What is the name of the communal space available during the academic year for currently registered lurie college students?
Answer: the study and collaboration (sac) room

Question: What does the space provide access to
Answer: the space provides access to a computer, printer, and copy machine

Question: What is available by appointment at 408-924-3640?
Answer: technical assistance

Question: Students must use what to access the room?
Answer: sjsu tower cards

Question: Who manages the sac room?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What is the email address for the college success center?
Answer: luriecollege-successcenter@sjsu.edu

Question: What are the opportunities for sjsu lurie college of education students to get involved in the community?
Answer: numerous opportunities for sjsu lurie college of education undergraduate, graduate, credential, and doctoral students to get involved in the community

Question: Where are upcoming meetings and events for these groups listed?
Answer: google calendar

Question: Why was the promise group established?
Answer: to create opportunities for first generation students to be part of a learning community

Question: What type of student are they?
Answer: first generation

Question: What is our goal for students?
Answer: to strengthen, build on, and celebrate their first generation identity

Question: Where are students and friends welcome to participate?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What do you need to complete to learn more?
Answer: interest form

Question: What does sas stand for?
Answer: student ambassadors

Question: What is the name of the volunteer who participates in the development and implementation of events that foster a strong community?
Answer: sas

Question: What college do you want to represent?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What does asl stand for?
Answer: american sign language

Question: How can you connect with asl at sjsu?
Answer: on their facebook page, in their facebook group, on their instagram account, on their linkedin page, or on the sjsu sammy app

Question: What is the name of the instagram group for the chad club?
Answer: chad club

Question: cego creates an inclusive community for graduate students studying in the counselor education department of what l?
Answer: connie

Question: What college provides networking opportunities, practical experiences, and a space to voice opinions?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: For more information, visit what webpage?
Answer: cego

Question: What is the purpose of the esan?
Answer: to create an interdisciplinary group of current pre-service san jos state university students and alumni working in the early childhood field

Question: Where can you find more information about upcoming events and opportunities?
Answer: the esan instagram, facebook group or sjsu.edu/eci/esan webpage

Question: Where can you find recordings of previous dialogues?
Answer: sjsu.edu/education/emancipatory-education-now

Question: What does nsslha stand for?
Answer: national student speech language hearing association

Question: How many colleges and universities does nsslha have chapters at?
Answer: 285

Question: Where was the silicon valley's local chapter founded?
Answer: san jos state university

Question: What university do nsslha members attend?
Answer: sjsu

Question: What is the name of the university's instagram, twitter, and facebook pages?
Answer: sjsu nsshla

Question: What is the name of sjsu's learning showcase?
Answer: sjsu lurie college of education

Question: What did we ask during the transition to remote teaching and learning?
Answer: a handful of select students to share their insights on learning as they relate to our priority areas

Question: Why did a handful of our courses modify their assignments?
Answer: to curate digital resources

Question: What do you see below?
Answer: results from our most recent and previous semesters

Question: What type of student is alexandra murueta?
Answer: transfer student

Question: What does ali highlight in the lurie college of education?
Answer: the holistic support services and experiences

Question: What project is briettny curtner the project coordinator for?
Answer: faces of learning

Question: Who highlights some culturally sustaining initiatives and support services in the lurie college of education?
Answer: briettny

Question: What type of student is cheryl lin?
Answer: undergraduate

Question: What college did cheryl attend?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: What school did janeth canseco attend?
Answer: sjsu

Question: Who reflects upon the importance of community and connections?
Answer: janeth

Question: What type of student is joanna gaeta?
Answer: credential

Question: Who discusses her academic transformation in this video?
Answer: joanna

Question: What type of student is kattia martinez?
Answer: undergraduate

Question: Who discusses the opportunities for learning and connecting in a remote learning environment?
Answer: kattia

Question: What type of student is lorenzo gomez?
Answer: graduate

Question: Where did lorenzo attend college?
Answer: lurie college of education

Question: What type of student is mckenzie campana?
Answer: graduate

Question: Along with her fieldwork placement, where did Mckenzie have interdisciplinary experiences?
Answer: lurie college

Question: What type of degree did monica gonzalez earn?
Answer: master's

Question: Who highlights the importance of community and culturally sustaining practices in this video?
Answer: monica

Question: What school did renna phillips attend?
Answer: sjsu

Question: What college did renna attend?
Answer: lurie college

Question: How many students presented their final research projects in our department of special education?
Answer: 8 students who were earning their ma in special education presented their final research projects

Question: What can you do to watch the webinars of the presenters?
Answer: watch the webinar of their presentations below

Question: How long did nathaly cisneros-mendoza talk about the perceptions of latino/a parents when accessing services for their child with autism?
Answer: 3:34

Question: What can you find on this google site?
Answer: padlets

Question: Who is the faculty member who teaches the course that curated resources to enhance mental health and well-being?
Answer: rayna friendly's

Question: Who taught the course in which students read bettina love's book?
Answer: saili kulkarni's

Question: Where can you listen to the song?
Answer: spotify

Question: What is the code for the "3210#"?
Answer: b0VIM 9.05U?dO'shwetaShwetas-MacBook-Pro.localshweta/Desktop/proj_bkup/data2/http/education/arnold-danzig.php

Question: Who is Utpad?
Answer: arnold

