Question: What is sjsu an abbreviation for?
Answer: san jose state university

Question: Our proposed changes do not apply to any other approved policies that are in place for all other undergraduate programs?
Answer: impaction policies

Question: Who does this change not affect?
Answer: students who have already applied or are applying for admission

Question: For current impaction criteria visit what site?
Answer: undergraduate admissions impaction

Question: What are the changes proposed for impaction focused on?
Answer: increasing student success outcomes for transfer students

Question: What are the changes proposed for impaction focused on?
Answer: broadening access to the animation and illustration program for freshmen and transfer students

Question: What is the aim of the proposed changes?
Answer: to better enable students to complete their undergraduate degrees

Question: What would a talent-based assessment allow students to earn an additional gpa bump based on?
Answer: faculty review of a set of drawing assignments representing an individual’s aptitude for success

Question: What could mitigate the unintended consequences of our current impaction processes?
Answer: gpa bump

Question: What is the process for first-time freshmen applicants to the bfa animation & illustration?
Answer: impaction for first-time freshmen applicants to the bfa animation & illustration follows the same process as for all other impacted majors

Question: What are applicants assigned if they are local, veterans, or first-generation?
Answer: gpa bumps

Question: How are students admitted to the program?
Answer: ranked by gpa

Question: Why are gpa thresholds very high?
Answer: demand for this major is far greater than the enrollment capacity,

Question: What did we add to the approved impaction plan for the bfa animation & illustration for fall 2020?
Answer: two supplemental course requirements

Question: In what year did some transfer students have a greater advantage than others?
Answer: fall 2020

Question: What do we propose replacing with a gpa bump awarded during faculty review of the drawing assignments?
Answer: gpa bump awarded for the completion of major-specific supplemental coursework

Question: What is the address of san jose state university?
Answer: san jose state university, one washington square, san jose, ca 95192-0020

Question: What can be submitted to the impaction@sjsu.edu email?
Answer: comments submitted to impaction@sjsu.edu email

Question: On what date did the college success collaborative meet?
Answer: march 7, 2022

Question: On what date was the hearing held?
Answer: march 15

Question: On what date was the hearing held?
Answer: march 14

Question: When was the recording of the hearing presentation for public hearing?
Answer: march 17

Question: Who will we submit a final proposal for 2023-2024 impaction changes to?
Answer: california state university chancellor’s office

Question: What will we implement if approved by the chancellor's office?
Answer: impaction planning criteria

Question: What is coleetta mcelroy's title?
Answer: associate vice president for enrollment management

Question: This section may be updated as what comes in during the public hearing process?
Answer: additional questions or comments

Question: What will happen if our proposed changes to our impaction plan are approved?
Answer: supplemental coursework preference given to transfer applicants to animation & illustration who had completed supplemental coursework, will be replaced with preference given based on completion and evaluation of talent-based exercises

Question: How many tasks will students be assigned?
Answer: three

Question: Along with a face, what is an example of a familiar object?
Answer: the space they are sitting in

Question: Along with talent, what criteria will be used to score drawings?
Answer: observational skills

Question: What will students be asked to do for the third task?
Answer: creatively express whatever best captures their artistic passion

Question: This will also be scored by what?
Answer: rubric

Question: What is the only program that will be affected?
Answer: animation

Question: What is the only program that will be affected?
Answer: charles

Question: What is the process for admission to all other undergraduate programs?
Answer: impaction review

Question: What county is sjsu in for freshmen?
Answer: santa clara county

Question: How much of a gpa bump do students in the local admission area receive?
Answer: 0.25

Question: The proposed changes to admissions policies affect what type of admissions?
Answer: undergraduate admissions

Question: What is the name of sjsu's data and technology platform?
Answer: spartan connect

Question: What did eab rename it to when they bought it?
Answer: ssc

Question: What was the original name of navigate?
Answer: eab

Question: What does ssms stand for?
Answer: student success management system

Question: What is the name of the company that owns and operates the navigate platform?
Answer: eab

Question: What company has a branch for educational resource development?
Answer: eab

Question: What company is spartan connect a part of?
Answer: eab’s

Question: What are we talking about when we refer to eab?
Answer: the company as a whole

Question: What single sign-on system does spartan connect use?
Answer: one.sjsu

Question: What can campus users search for once they have signed into one.sjsu.edu?
Answer: spartan connect

Question: What will you be prompted to do?
Answer: if you’re not already signed in

Question: Who can you reach out to if you receive an error message when attempting to sign in?
Answer: spartanconnect@sjsu.edu

Question: Who has access to spartan connect?
Answer: all active students and faculty

Question: How often does the system refresh the data?
Answer: nightly

Question: How is access granted for other staff?
Answer: cms security request

Question: What can you request in our detailed guide?
Answer: specific spartan connect roles

Question: Who can you reach out to if you have questions about the process?
Answer: spartanconnect@sjsu.edu

Question: What is the name of the company that provides educational research and resources geared towards student success?
Answer: eab

Question: Who has free access to eab.com?
Answer: all sjsu faculty and staff

Question: What email address will you need to use to create an account?
Answer: sjsu

Question: What has san jose state established to contribute to the greater success of the csu graduation initiative 2025?
Answer: campus-specific goals

Question: Why was the admission to graduation project formed?
Answer: to identify and implement enhancements to technical and business processes

Question: Who leads the partnership between administration & finance, information technology, academic affairs and student affairs?
Answer: enrollment services

Question: What year are the sjsu graduation initiative goals for?
Answer: 2025

Question: What does sjsu stand for?
Answer: san jose state university

Question: Where is the college of engineering located?
Answer: davidson

Question: These changes would not affect what type of applicants?
Answer: freshmen

Question: What are we proposing changes to to give preference to applicants in the admission consideration process?
Answer: supplemental coursework

Question: What can be found on our impaction page?
Answer: current supplemental coursework for majors in the college of engineering

Question: What are we proposing to require to be completed before transfer?
Answer: certain courses

Question: How are applicants considered for admission?
Answer: applicants will only be considered for admission if the equivalent required coursework is complete

Question: What identifies the required coursework by major?
Answer: the table below

Question: Who will receive preference in accordance with our current impaction process?
Answer: students who have completed equivalent coursework to the courses listed in the supplemental coursework column

Question: What type of course is strongly recommended to satisfy this requirement?
Answer: c/c++ programming

Question: In what discipline will an as-t satisfy all required and supplemental courses?
Answer: computer science

Question: Comments submitted to what email will be posted here at the conclusion of the public comment period?
Answer: impaction@sjsu.edu

Question: What will we be holding in march?
Answer: a stakeholders meeting along with three public hearings

Question: In what year did college success collaborative meet?
Answer: 2023

Question: When is the march 21 hearing?
Answer: 3:30 to 4:30

Question: When is the march 22 hearing?
Answer: 5:30 to 6:30

Question: What is the recording of the march 23 hearing?
Answer: zoom link recording of march 23 hearing presentation for public hearing

Question: Who will we submit a final proposal for 2024-2025 impaction changes to?
Answer: california state university chancellor’s office

Question: What is coleetta mcelroy's position?
Answer: interim

Question: What is the title of the person who can be reached at 408-924-6086?
Answer: associate vice president for enrollment management

Question: What is the name of the college?
Answer: davidson college of engineering

Question: The proposed changes to admissions policies affect what only?
Answer: transfer undergraduate admission

Question: What does emtic stand for?
Answer: enrollment management technical implementation & communication

Question: What does emtic work with constituents to identify and implement?
Answer: technical tools

Question: What is the role of the technical implementation team?
Answer: technical implementation team works with sjsu staff and students across campus to identify and implement technology to improve admission, enrollment, and graduation processes

Question: What does the team partner with units within the student affairs division and external divisions on campus to identify and implement?
Answer: technical enhancements

Question: Who are subject matter experts in the systems used by areas within enrollment management?
Answer: business analysts

Question: What are some examples of spartan connect?
Answer: mysjsu, onbase, spartan connect, myscheduler, cal state apply, qless, comm100)

Question: Who is responsible for responding to all phone and email inquiries for graduate and undergraduate admissions?
Answer: the communications team

Question: What is the goal of the communication plans we manage?
Answer: students receive the information that is needed in a timely, clear, and consistent manner

Question: Why is it important to not submit items more than once?
Answer: it will cause delays

Question: What will be updated once your documents have been uploaded into our system?
Answer: "to do list"

Question: What happens if additional documentation is required?
Answer: we will notify you and revise your “to do list”

Question: What do you need to activate to access your mysju account?
Answer: sjsuone account

Question: What page can you visit to learn what to do next?
Answer: ‘have applied’ page

Question: What is required for a degree?
Answer: depth of knowledge

Question: What do you need in each step of an investigative, creative or practical project?
Answer: mastery

Question: What is another term for complex questions?
Answer: hypotheses

Question: What is a societal context?
Answer: understanding of the implications of results or findings from a particular work in a societal context

Question: What are the implications of a scientific finding?
Answer: social or economic

Question: What type of degree does a student receive at Washington University in St. Louis?
Answer: baccalaureate

Question: What is the use of specific theories, tools, and technology called?
Answer: fluency

Question: What skills are necessary for life-long learning?
Answer: quantitative methodologies, and the ability to engage effectively in collaborative activities

Question: What is the ability to address practical issues?
Answer: the ability to integrate theory, practice, and problem-solving

Question: What is an example of a person's ability to apply their knowledge and skills to new settings?
Answer: ability to apply their knowledge and skills to new settings

Question: What is the ability to work as individuals and in groups?
Answer: ability to work productively

Question: What is the ability to act intentionally and ethically to address a global or local problem?
Answer: ability to act intentionally and ethically to address a global or local problem

Question: What kind of community does sjsu have?
Answer: multidimensional

Question: What is the ability to evaluate from multiple perspectives?
Answer: ability to independently and accurately evaluate information, data and ideas

Question: What are two ways that a communicator can convey messages?
Answer: effective and appropriate

Question: What is one way to positively contribute to the community?
Answer: understanding and appreciating human differences

Question: What is the ability to manage one's affairs inside and outside of the university?
Answer: capacity to manage one's affairs

Question: What is the ability to mobilize groups around shared interests?
Answer: ability to mobilize groups around shared interests

Question: Making informed decisions and acting on those decisions to enhance what health?
Answer: personal and community

Question: Where can you find the full text of the division learning goals?
Answer: division of student affairs

Question: Why have the departments within enrollment management engaged in assessment?
Answer: to measure the effectiveness of our programs

Question: What office is responsible for program evaluation assessment reports?
Answer: office of the registrar

Question: What are the names of the departments that the avp's office of enrollment management recognizes each month?
Answer: financial aid & scholarships office office of the registrar technical implementation & communication testing office

Question: Along with thank you cards and promotional items, what kind of rewards are available from a bookstore?
Answer: certificates of excellence

Question: What does not interfere with daily processes?
Answer: the enrollment services department recognition program

Question: What does ssc stand for?
Answer: student services center

Question: What is the information below?
Answer: how to contact each department in the ssc

Question: To do what for any type of services, please use qless?
Answer: join the queue

Question: Schedules vary by what?
Answer: subject/service

Question: What times are available?
Answer: some night and weekend times

Question: Where can you learn about making an appointment?
Answer: sjsu.edu/peerconnections/about/appointment.php

Question: Who will communicate supplemental instruction sessions with students?
Answer: si leaders

Question: In what space is study hall space available?
Answer: peer connections

Question: How do you enter?
Answer: through the side door on san fernando street

Question: What is the sjsu.edu/soar email?
Answer: outreach@sjsu.edu

Question: What kind of start do you want to get off to?
Answer: great

Question: What department provides resources to help you enroll at sjsu?
Answer: enrollment management

Question: Who provides services and resources to help you through the process of getting admitted, enrolling in classes, and graduating from san jose state university?
Answer: enrollment management

Question: Where are our services offered?
Answer: student services center

Question: What type of service delivery options do we offer?
Answer: hybrid service delivery

Question: What does sjsu offer prospective undergraduate students?
Answer: student outreach and recruitment

Question: What is the first step in the admissions process at Washington University?
Answer: undergraduate admissions

Question: Along with grants, loans, work study, and scholarships, what can we help you and your family get the money you need?
Answer: financial aid

Question: What is the name of the person who processes, maintains, and protects all of your official student records at sjsu?
Answer: registrar

Question: What is the name of the office that provides testing and proctoring services?
Answer: testing office

Question: What is one of the ways we support student success from application through graduation?
Answer: enrollment management

Question: When is sjsu proposing a modification to its impaction plan for admission consideration at the transfer level for select programs?
Answer: fall 2024

Question: What is the name of the service that provides resources to help you enroll at san jose state university and reach your academic goals?
Answer: enrollment management

Question: Who does the student services center help?
Answer: current and incoming students

Question: What is the name of sjsu's student affairs division?
Answer: enrollment services

Question: What is the name of the nondiscrimination notice at sjsu.edu?
Answer: nondiscrimination-notice

Question: Who produces a series of publications to guide students through the admission, enrollment, and graduation processes?
Answer: the communications team in enrollment management

Question: Along with the admissions and enrollment processes, what other process does the communications team guide students through?
Answer: graduation

Question: Where is a listing of those publications?
Answer: below

Question: Where are the departments that make up the enrollment management unit located?
Answer: student services center

Question: On what streets is the ssc located?
Answer: 9th and san fernando

Question: Where is the parking garage located?
Answer: 10th street

Question: How long is the free parking?
Answer: 30-minute

Question: Where can one purchase parking permits?
Answer: yellow permit ticket machines

Question: What is the term for waiting to speak with a staff member from the undergraduate admissions, student outreach and recruitment, and financial aid and scholarship offices?
Answer: “joining the queue”

Question: How can you be notified when your turn approaches?
Answer: notified by text

Question: What are the two options most offices offer?
Answer: in-person (meet in the student services center) and a virtual (meet via zoom)

Question: When will you see the available options?
Answer: join the queue

Question: How can you join a queue to receive services at Washington University?
Answer: a queue to receive services during available hours from a department in the student services center

Question: What will place you in line for the service you select?
Answer: joining the queue

Question: What number will you need if you're a student?
Answer: id

Question: What options are available if you'd rather have them?
Answer: both chat and phone lines

Question: How many options do you have to join the queue?
Answer: two

Question: What button do you click to join a queue?
Answer: “join the queue”

Question: What app is available for android and ios?
Answer: qless

Question: What should you look for in the app to follow the prompts?
Answer: sjsu

Question: What do you text when you need to exit the line?
Answer: "l"

Question: What do you type when you want an update on your wait time or place in line?
Answer: s text "s"

Question: What do you use to request more time?
Answer: "m"

Question: What do you text for help to get additional assistance?
Answer: "h"

Question: How do you switch from text to voice call updates?
Answer: text "w"

Question: How long before it's your turn does n# text "n#" to notify you?
Answer: xx minutes

Question: What do you do in the queue?
Answer: join

Question: What is the name of the service that san jose state university provides to students to help them through the process of getting admitted, enrolling in classes, and graduating?
Answer: enrollment management

Question: Where is the university unit housed?
Answer: student services center

Question: What is the name of the department that provides services to current and incoming students?
Answer: enrollment management

Question: Where can you find more information on our modified service delivery options?
Answer: department webpage

Question: What types of aid does the financial aid office help students receive?
Answer: federal, state, and university aid

Question: Who is responsible for registration, grades, verification of enrollment and degree, official transcripts, reinstatement, and ferpa compliance?
Answer: the office of the registrar

Question: What does the testing office provide?
Answer: testing-related services

Question: What office assists students through the application and admission processes?
Answer: office of admissions and outreach

