Question: What time does the virtual front desk open on mondays?
Answer: 1:00 pm

Question: What is the tuesday, wednesday, and thursday hours?
Answer: 9:00 am

Question: What is the name of our student ambassador lead podcast?
Answer: spartans

Question: How can you visit campus?
Answer: virtually

Question: What do you need to do to register for a live virtual tour?
Answer: create a spartan vip account

Question: What is the phone number to register for a tour of san jose state university?
Answer: 408-924-2786

Question: What is the email address for the student services center?
Answer: outreach@sjsu.edu @futurespartans @sjsu_sesp

Question: What is the phone number for the student services center?
Answer: 408-924-2786

Question: What do you do to prepare for the application?
Answer: prepare for the application

Question: What do you need to do to apply for sjsu in fall 2023?
Answer: fill out the application for sjsu

Question: What is the name of the website that provides a thorough overview of the minimum admission requirements?
Answer: international transfer admissions

Question: Where can you register for sjsu's upcoming recorded workshops for fall 2023?
Answer: cal state apply workshops

Question: What do you need to watch to learn how to apply for sjsu?
Answer: pre-recorded cal state apply workshop

Question: Who assists prospective students and their families with the admission processing requirements and subsequent steps for admission to san jose state university?
Answer: the office of undergraduate admissions and outreach

Question: What do learning outcomes view to see how we worked towards our goals?
Answer: assessments of previous years

Question: Who regularly visits high schools and community colleges in the local area?
Answer: counselors/recruiters

Question: In what state do we attend college fairs?
Answer: california

Question: Where is san jose state university located?
Answer: one washington square

Question: What type of person is drew agbay?
Answer: spartan

Question: What did he earn his master's degree in at sjsu?
Answer: counselor education

Question: What state has drew called his home for over 20 years?
Answer: san jose state

Question: What is his favorite part of his job?
Answer: traveling and interacting with different people from all walks of life

Question: What is amanda aldama fernandes the lead of?
Answer: spartan east side promise program

Question: What high school district did she attend?
Answer: east side union

Question: In what field of study did she receive her bachelor's degree from sjsu?
Answer: sociology

Question: What are some of my favorite things?
Answer: marvel/the mcu, and a frequent user of bitmojis

Question: What university do you attend?
Answer: sjsu

Question: What did nicole get her ba in at sjsu?
Answer: global studies

Question: What does she have experience with?
Answer: all things campus tours

Question: Where is nicole originally from?
Answer: santa paula, ca

Question: What is Olivia's favorite pastime?
Answer: swimming

Question: What can you do on our beautiful campus?
Answer: take a tour

Question: What is nicole axel garcia's job title?
Answer: admissions counselor/recruiter

Question: In what field did he earn his bachelor's degree from saint mary's college of california?
Answer: hispanic linguistic studies

Question: What soccer team is he a jersey collector for?
Answer: guatemalan national soccer

Question: What year does the oldest jersey in his collection date to?
Answer: 1967

Question: What does he have a passion for?
Answer: giving back to the community

Question: Where is axel yichen shao from?
Answer: bay area

Question: Where did she earn her graduate certification in college admission and career counseling?
Answer: uc

Question: At what public school was she a high school teacher before becoming a counselor?
Answer: chicago public schools

Question: What type of school did yichen attend when she first came to the US?
Answer: boarding school

Question: Why does she want to help more students from all backgrounds achieve their fullest potential?
Answer: she understands the challenges that international students face when applying to colleges

Question: What does she enjoy doing?
Answer: traveling to different places, learning new languages and culture

Question: What does she look forward to doing?
Answer: serving more future spartans

Question: What is marlene perez's job title?
Answer: admissions counselor/recruiter

Question: In what field did she receive her bachelor's degree from university of california, los angeles?
Answer: sociology

Question: What type of mentor is she?
Answer: puente

Question: Along with hiking and traveling, what is one of Elizabeth's favorite pastimes?
Answer: tending to her plants

Question: Who is eager to assist prospective students with their admissions journey to sjsu?
Answer: marlene

Question: What is the phone number of the student ambassadors at san jose state university?
Answer: 408-924-2786

Question: What is required for a degree?
Answer: depth of knowledge

Question: What do you need in each step of an investigative, creative or practical project?
Answer: mastery

Question: What is another term for complex questions?
Answer: hypotheses

Question: What is a societal context?
Answer: understanding of the implications of results or findings from a particular work in a societal context

Question: What are the implications of a scientific finding?
Answer: social or economic

Question: What type of degree does a student receive at Washington University in St. Louis?
Answer: baccalaureate

Question: What is the use of specific theories, tools, and technology called?
Answer: fluency

Question: What skills are necessary for life-long learning?
Answer: quantitative methodologies, and the ability to engage effectively in collaborative activities

Question: What is the ability to address practical issues?
Answer: the ability to integrate theory, practice, and problem-solving

Question: What is an example of a person's ability to apply their knowledge and skills to new settings?
Answer: ability to apply their knowledge and skills to new settings

Question: What is the ability to work as individuals and in groups?
Answer: ability to work productively

Question: What is the ability to act intentionally and ethically to address a global or local problem?
Answer: ability to act intentionally and ethically to address a global or local problem

Question: What kind of community does sjsu have?
Answer: multidimensional

Question: What kind of workshops are offered?
Answer: virtual next steps workshops

Question: Learn how to complete the process of what?
Answer: intent to enroll

Question: What type of receptions do we have?
Answer: spartan

Question: What are newly admitted spartans invited to attend?
Answer: spartan receptions

Question: Invitations are emailed directly to students who are what?
Answer: provisionally admitted

Question: What workshops are ready to be a spartan?
Answer: register cal state apply workshops ready to be a spartan

Question: What year are you interested in applying for?
Answer: fall 2023

Question: Where can you learn more about our admission requirements and application process?
Answer: one of our cal state apply workshops

Question: How do you apply for sjsu?
Answer: fill out the application

Question: What is the name of the csu college night college fair?
Answer: csu college night college fair

Question: What are the gpa, course requirements, and impaction results for freshmen and transfer students?
Answer: admission requirements

Question: What university are you considering to further your education?
Answer: san jose state university

Question: What is a freshman applicant?
Answer: student who has graduated from (or is still in) high school and who has not enrolled in a regular (non-summer) session course

Question: What must freshman applicants first meet for admission to a university?
Answer: csu eligibility requirements

Question: What are applicants reviewed for through sjsu's admission selection process?
Answer: provisional admission

Question: What do you need to study in the U.S. as an international freshman?
Answer: an f-1 visa or j-1 visa

Question: An upper division transfer applicant must have completed at least how many quarter units?
Answer: 90 quarter units

Question: What do you need to study in the United States as an international transfer applicant?
Answer: an f-1 visa or j-1 visa

Question: What must international transfers provide when applying as a lower division transfer?
Answer: international transfers applying as a lower division transfer must provide their high school transcripts

Question: Why is san jose state competitive in all majors?
Answer: sjsu continues to have more qualified applicants than available new student spaces

Question: What does impaction mean?
Answer: meeting the minimum california state university (csu) requirements

Question: We will no longer have the enrollment capacity to accept all eligible applicants, including some from local high schools and community colleges.
Answer: csu

Question: What is different about each major at sjsu?
Answer: every major at sjsu requires a different eligibility index score, and students must meet the minimum score for the major they applied to in order to receive provisional admission

Question: Does every major at sjsu require a different minimum gpa?
Answer: some majors providing preference for supplemental coursework completed

Question: Who must complete a follow-up supplemental application?
Answer: transfer students

Question: What do you become when you become a spartan?
Answer: spartan

Question: What does SOAR stand for?
Answer: student outreach and recruitment

Question: What is the name of the pre-admissions counseling available via zoom join the waiting room?
Answer: virtual front desk

Question: Who can you meet to discuss sjsu admissions requirements?
Answer: pre-admissions counselors

Question: What type of tours are looking for opportunities to visit the sjsu campus?
Answer: campus tours

Question: What can you register for at Washington University?
Answer: in-person campus tours

Question: What other tour options are available on our website?
Answer: youvisit virtual tour, self-guided tours, and much more

Question: What are we excited to do with you?
Answer: answer live questions

Question: What do attendees of our events want to do?
Answer: engage in our sjsu outreach events

Question: What can you attend throughout the academic year?
Answer: various large-scale outreach and recruitment events

Question: Along with families, who can attend the events?
Answer: students

Question: What is the best way to find out about upcoming events?
Answer: check out our schedule and locations

Question: What is the name of the east side union high school district in san jose?
Answer: spartan east side promise program

Question: This program supports students and their families in their transition from high school to college.
Answer: esuhsd

Question: What is one resource that can be used to learn about spartan support, admissions, spartan support, and more?
Answer: campus facilities

Question: How can you learn more about sjsu?
Answer: digital brochures and videos

Question: What is the name of the library that features departments and resources such as financial aid, career center, and housing?
Answer: video library

Question: Do you want to hear from our students directly or indirectly?
Answer: directly

Question: What is the name of the podcast that discusses the spartan lifestyle?
Answer: spartan scoop

Question: What can you do to stay connected with soar admissions counselors and student ambassadors?
Answer: connect with us

Question: What kind of tour can you take?
Answer: campus tour

Question: What type of spartan are we here to help you become?
Answer: sjsu

Question: What document states that california state university does not discriminate on the basis of gender?
Answer: title ix notice of nondiscrimination

Question: Who is the domestic steps to admission brochure designed for?
Answer: prospective freshmen and transfer students who are california residents

Question: What brochure is designed for prospective freshmen and transfer students who are not california residents?
Answer: non-ca resident steps to admission brochure

Question: What is designed for prospective international freshmen and transfer applicants applying for fall with an f-1 or j-1 visa?
Answer: international steps to admission brochure

Question: What are the steps to admissions publications called?
Answer: steps to enrollment

Question: Who are the steps to enrollment publications designed for?
Answer: prospective students offered provisional admission

Question: What is the spartan east side promise brochure for east side union high school district students eligible for the spartan east side promise program?
Answer: spartan east side promise brochure for east side union high school district students eligible for the spartan east side promise program financial aid and scholarships

Question: What are the steps on how to become a spartan?
Answer: admissions and outreach publications

Question: What is the first step to becoming a spartan?
Answer: video library

Question: What is the spartan scoop?
Answer: an sjsu podcast

Question: What is the name of the sjsu new black spartan reception?
Answer: bridging the bay

Question: What is bridging the bay?
Answer: sjsu new black spartan reception la to the bay

Question: What is the name of the sjsu new black spartan reception la to the bay?
Answer: sjsu new latinx/chicanx spartan reception transfer takeover

Question: When is the sjsu new black spartan reception in downtown oakland?
Answer: saturday march 11, 2023

Question: Who will the newly admitted students meet at the event?
Answer: spartans from the bay area/northern california

Question: What is the name of the group of people that attend sjsu?
Answer: spartans

Question: Along with southern california, from what area will you be able to meet other newly admitted spartans?
Answer: greater los angeles area

Question: Who will be present to welcome you?
Answer: a special team of sjsu professionals and current spartan students

Question: Who is the event coordinator?
Answer: drew agbay

Question: Who will you meet at the event?
Answer: spartans from hawaii

Question: What is the cost of the event?
Answer: free

Question: What is the cost of the event?
Answer: this is a free event for you and your family/guests (2 guest maximum)

Question: Along with sjsu info packets, what else will be provided?
Answer: spartan swag

Question: Who does sjsu's student outreach and recruitment office work with?
Answer: drew agbay

Question: Who is invited to learn about campus resources with the resource fair?
Answer: newly admitted transfer students

Question: What will be provided?
Answer: lunch

Question: What type of students are invited to learn about campus resources and the intent to enroll process?
Answer: newly admitted

Question: Where will you meet other newly admitted spartans from?
Answer: east side union high school district

Question: Who will be present to welcome you to sjsu?
Answer: a special team of sjsu professionals and current spartan students

Question: What type of swag will be provided?
Answer: spartan

Question: Who is the spartan east side promise program lead?
Answer: amanda aldama fernandes

Question: Where can you find more information about the admittedspartanday program?
Answer: www.sjsu.edu/admittedspartanday

Question: What does the sjsu podcast bring you?
Answer: real experiences from our spartans from 2020 - 2021

Question: What does our series on college students from sjsu dive into?
Answer: fears, expectations, and realities

Question: When is this presentation open?
Answer: fall 2023

Question: These sessions are to help you do what?
Answer: finish the sjsu next steps intent to enroll

Question: When is the last day to register for sjsu?
Answer: tuesday march 7, 2023

Question: When is the last day to register for sjsu?
Answer: friday april 7, 2023

Question: When is the last day to register for sjsu?
Answer: thursday march 30, 2023

Question: When is the last day to register for sjsu?
Answer: friday march 3, 2023

Question: When is the last day to register for sjsu?
Answer: wednesday february 22, 2023

Question: What time will the presentation take place on february 22, 2023?
Answer: 5:30 pm - 6:30 pm

Question: When is the presentation on april 7, 2023?
Answer: 2:00 pm - 3:00 pm

Question: When is the recording time for friday march 3, 2023?
Answer: 2:00 pm - 3:00 pm

Question: At what time will the friday march 10, 2023 session take place?
Answer: 11:00 am - 12:00 pm

Question: What time did wednesday march 15, 2023 take place?
Answer: 5:30 pm - 6:30 pm

Question: What is a great way to learn about sjsu?
Answer: live q&a

Question: What time is the recording?
Answer: 5:30 p.m

Question: When does the recording begin?
Answer: 11:00 a.m

Question: What is happening on friday, october 14, 2022?
Answer: recording

Question: What time is it?
Answer: 12:00

Question: What time is it?
Answer: 6:30

Question: What is happening on wednesday, october 19, 2022, 5:30 p.m.?
Answer: recording

Question: What is happening on friday, october 28, 2022?
Answer: recording

Question: What is happening on thursday, november 3, 2022, 5:30 p.m.?
Answer: recording

Question: What is happening on november 8, 2022?
Answer: recording

Question: What is happening on wednesday, november 16, 2022?
Answer: recording

Question: What is happening friday, november 18, 2022, 11:00 a.m.?
Answer: recording

Question: What is happening on tuesday, november 22, 2022?
Answer: recording

Question: What is happening monday, november 28, 2022, 5:30 p.m.?
Answer: recording

Question: What do you do with the recordings of our presentations?
Answer: recordings

Question: Are you ready to become what?
Answer: spartan

Question: What is the name of the person you would meet with at a college?
Answer: pre-admissions counselor

Question: Have questions about applying to sjsu?
Answer: questions

Question: What can you do at the virtual front desk or in-person at the student services center?
Answer: meet with one of our team members

Question: What are some of the presentations that soar provides?
Answer: soar provides presentations on sjsu and csu admission requirements, the cal state apply application, and the next steps intent to enroll

Question: What is the name of the organization that offers in-person and virtual events for prospective students and families?
Answer: soar

Question: What require pre-registration?
Answer: all events

Question: What is the phone number to register at san jose state university?
Answer: 408-924-2786

Question: What time is the virtual front desk open on mondays?
Answer: 1:00 pm

Question: What is offered in-person at the student outreach and recruitment department?
Answer: pre-admissions in-person counseling

Question: Are you a high school or college counselor looking for a sjsu representative?
Answer: high school or college counselors

Question: You can now do what to us and we will get back to you on potential visits?
Answer: email

Question: Who are you here for?
Answer: we are here for you

Question: What is san jose state university's phone number for student outreach?
Answer: 408-924-2786

Question: What type of tours are we now offering for prospective students?
Answer: in-person campus tours

Question: What other tour options do we offer?
Answer: youvisit virtual tour, self-guided tours, and much more

Question: What type of tours are offered on saturdays?
Answer: individual and family campus tours

Question: What will begin on time?
Answer: our tour

Question: What may vary depending on questions asked before, during, or after the tour?
Answer: tour end-times

Question: What is the maximum capacity of this tour?
Answer: 50

Question: What type of tours are not available due to high demand and limited resources?
Answer: school/group tours

Question: What do we encourage you to check this website for?
Answer: updates/openings

Question: Where can you find more information about housing tours?
Answer: housing website

Question: What is the sjsu live virtual tour called?
Answer: live virtual tour

Question: How long is the zoom presentation-style tour?
Answer: 45-minute

Question: How do you sign up for a tour?
Answer: sign up online

Question: What will you select that best fits your schedule?
Answer: tour time

Question: Are we excited to meet you?
Answer: we are excited to meet you

Question: What can you do at your own pace?
Answer: take an interactive campus tour

Question: Along with vibrant images, what does this option allow you to experience the University of Notre Dame?
Answer: pre-recorded narration

Question: This experience is available for both mobile devices and what other device?
Answer: desktop

Question: What university is lola a student of?
Answer: sjsu

Question: What will sanreet show you in the video?
Answer: the services, study spots and favorite places

Question: What type of dr?
Answer: the

Question: Who was king, jr?
Answer: martin luther

Question: What type of facility offers study spaces, research support, and student computing services?
Answer: library

Question: What can you do to learn about even more resources offered?
Answer: take a video tour

Question: Along with national and international artists, who performs at the hammer theatre?
Answer: sjsu

Question: What does srac stand for?
Answer: the spartan recreation and aquatic center

Question: How many sq ft?
Answer: 20,000

Question: What type of equipment does the resort have?
Answer: cardio/strength equipment, three full-court gyms,1/8-mile indoor track, climbing wall, 50-meter lap pool

Question: What university is san jose state?
Answer: san josé state

Question: What will introduce you to some of our favorite campus locations?
Answer: self-guided walking tour

Question: What is the name of san jose state university's dedicated support service for east side union high school district students?
Answer: spartan east side promise program

Question: Who is the spartan east side promise program designed to support?
Answer: east side union high school district students

Question: Who created the spartan east side promise?
Answer: san josé state university and east side union high school district

Question: How does the sesp provide a pathway to admission at sjsu?
Answer: clearly specifying the admission requirements

Question: What type of students did the promise help transition to sjsu?
Answer: esuhsd

Question: What type of students do we want to foster a college going mindset in?
Answer: esuhsd

Question: What is the email address of the sesp program lead?
Answer: eastsidepromise@sjsu.edu

Question: Who is the author of the p?
Answer: andrew

Question: What is the name of the high school in w.c?
Answer: hill high school

Question: What is another name for overfelt high school?
Answer: evergreen valley high school

Question: What is another name for pegasus high school?
Answer: santa teresa high school

Question: Why would you email eastsidepromise@sjsu.edu?
Answer: to schedule an admissions/spartan east side promise presentation

Question: What type of life can students experience on sjsu preview day?
Answer: spartan

Question: What do you need to connect with in order to learn more about the University of Notre Dame?
Answer: multiple campus resources

Question: Who can attend the workshop?
Answer: 12th grade csu eligible students

Question: What is a step-by-step overview of the college application process?
Answer: cal state apply csu

Question: Who gets to know sjsu?
Answer: parents/guardians

Question: What is the east side of the campus like?
Answer: spartan

Question: Who is this workshop for?
Answer: 10th and 11th grade students

Question: What do you need to email to schedule an admissions/spartan east side promise presentation for your class or organization?
Answer: eastsidepromise

Question: In what grades can you find information on how to prepare for college on the csu's website?
Answer: 6-11th

Question: When are you preparing to apply to sjsu?
Answer: fall 2023

Question: What are you about to review?
Answer: process

Question: What are you applying for in fall 2023?
Answer: cal state apply

Question: What season is 2023?
Answer: fall

Question: What phone number can you call to chat with our team?
Answer: (561) 285-3659

Question: What continues to grow?
Answer: community of support for esuhsd students

Question: What are the partnerships in the community dedicated to doing?
Answer: breaking down barriers

Question: How can you see some of our campus partners?
Answer: view some of our campus partners

Question: What was created to support the east side community?
Answer: east side education foundation

Question: Along with the silicon valley education foundation, with whom does esef collaborate?
Answer: san josé state

Question: What is managed by a 100% volunteer board of directors?
Answer: esef

Question: What does this mean?
Answer: nearly all the funds raised by the foundation go directly to support east side students, teachers, and community

Question: What is the name of our summer program?
Answer: esuhsd spartan

Question: Who has partnered with excite credit union on a special offer for east side families?
Answer: east side education foundation

Question: Along with a social security number, what must a child have in order for the account to be created?
Answer: tax id

Question: Who is required to co-sign the account?
Answer: an adult

Question: What do you select during the application process?
Answer: “step up savings”

Question: What is the email address for questions and assistance?
Answer: dcastro@excitecu.org

Question: What is the name of the scholarship that provides students with funding for their first year of tuition and on-campus housing?
Answer: san jose earthquakes spartan east side promise scholarship

Question: What is the promise of the spartan east side?
Answer: spartan east side

Question: Who do we support in their transition from high school to college?
Answer: esuhsd students and their families

Question: What kind of support services are available for incoming sjsu students?
Answer: various support services are available for new sjsu students

Question: What is the name of the summer program for families with questions?
Answer: esuhsd spartan

Question: What is the email address for the eastsidepromise@sjsu.edu?
Answer: eastsidepromise@sjsu.edu

Question: What are newly admitted esuhsd students and their families invited to learn about campus resources and the intent to enroll process?
Answer: pre-admissions appointment becoming a spartan reception

Question: What will be provided at 5:30pm?
Answer: dinner and a resource fair

Question: What kind of resources do we have?
Answer: community resources

Question: What can you do about our program and services?
Answer: learn more

Question: What is san jose state university's phone number?
Answer: 408-924-2786

Question: What is the name of the program that focuses on helping incoming students transition to san jose state university?
Answer: spartan east side promise

Question: What is the third objective of the peer mentor program?
Answer: decrease % of academic probation and disqualification in cohort

Question: What does the hybrid summer program provide incoming esuhsd freshmen?
Answer: academic guidance, connections to campus resources, and an opportunity to build their peer support network

Question: What will students learn how to use at sjsu?
Answer: academic advising tools, connect with multiple departments, and build their peer support network

Question: Participants will be eligible to apply for what scholarship?
Answer: sesp

Question: When is the sesp growth pledge offered at sjsu?
Answer: 6/20 - 6/21

Question: Who has the opportunity to take the sesp growth pledge?
Answer: all esuhsd students enrolled at sjsu

Question: What is a commitment from both the student and the spartan east side promise program staff to advocate, engage and work towards the student's academic success?
Answer: the growth pledge

Question: What type of peer mentors are available to meet with students?
Answer: sesp

Question: What type of centers are designed to support you in creating your course schedule, academic plan, and changing your major/minor?
Answer: college success centers

Question: What are the designated resources for academic advising?
Answer: they are here for all of your academic questions

Question: What are mygps?
Answer: e-advising tools

Question: Where can you go if you are undeclared?
Answer: undergraduate advising and success center

Question: Where can you find questions specific to your department?
Answer: undergraduate advising directory

Question: Where can you meet with your advisor?
Answer: undergraduate advising and success center

Question: What is the name of the center that has resources for students?
Answer: career center's

Question: What is your roadmap to career success?
Answer: major exploration career counseling

Question: What is the name of our most recent workshop?
Answer: "e-advising and scheduling resource"

Question: Who made the quick tip videos?
Answer: our sesp peer mentors

Question: Looking for a more interactive, but what kind of experience?
Answer: self-paced

Question: What kind of workshops are coming soon?
Answer: nearpod workshops

Question: What can you check out on campus?
Answer: what's going on

Question: What campus events do you want to discover?
Answer: sjsu clubs, student organizations, fraternities/sororities chicanx/latinx

Question: How many cocurricular opportunities does sjsu offer?
Answer: varity

Question: Who has suggestions on how to find a rsca project that's right for you?
Answer: office of research's

Question: How long are faculty-led programs?
Answer: 1-4 weeks

Question: What is a great help?
Answer: peer connections’ tutoring resource

Question: What do they have for the numerous and various subjects available on campus?
Answer: tutors

Question: What type of session may look like?
Answer: tutoring

