Question: What is the name of the area in northern california that is home to thousands of tech start-up companies?
Answer: silicon valley

Question: What type of performers can be found in arenas in san jose?
Answer: a-list performers

Question: What can be found at theme parks and in nature?
Answer: thrills

Question: Along with lake tahoe, what famous destination is located in the state of nevada?
Answer: yosemite national park

Question: What area has a lot to offer?
Answer: bay area

Question: What is san jose's official site?
Answer: city of san josé

Question: Where can you find business listings, community events, and points of interest?
Answer: san josé convention and visitors bureau

Question: Where is the nightlife, music, clubs, arts and culture located?
Answer: silicon valley

Question: What is the name of the san francisco and bay area news and culture?
Answer: san francisco chronicle

Question: What kind of coverage does the sf giants, 49ers and warriors get?
Answer: sports coverage

Question: What is the leading source of breaking news, local news, sports, business, entertainment, lifestyle and opinion for san jose and beyond?
Answer: mercury news

Question: What is the latest silicon valley technology news?
Answer: silicon valley news

Question: What preserves and enriches the cultural heritage of san jose and the santa clara valley?
Answer: history san josé

Question: What is silicon valley's premier destination for shopping, dining, living and more?
Answer: santana row

Question: How many shops does the city have?
Answer: over 70

Question: What museum serves the needs of children, families and schools as a center for learning and discovery?
Answer: children's discovery museum of san josé

Question: What museum celebrates new ideas, stimulates creativity and inspires connection with every visit?
Answer: san josé museum of art

Question: What is an educational institution that uses trans-disciplinary approaches to increasing knowledge about the past, present, and future?
Answer: rosicrucian egyptian museum

Question: What is a family-friendly interactive science and technology center?
Answer: the tech museum of innovation

Question: What has become a landmark for visitors seeking a glimpse of the most inventive place on earth?
Answer: it has become a landmark for visitors seeking a glimpse of the most inventive place on earth—silicon valley

Question: What is the name of the mansion that was once the personal residence of sarah winchester?
Answer: winchester mystery house

Question: What is the premier sports and entertainment venue in northern california?
Answer: sap center at san josé

Question: What is home to the san jose barracuda?
Answer: san josé sharks

Question: Where is the home of major league soccer's san jose earthquakes?
Answer: paypal park

Question: What amusement park is located in california?
Answer: california's great america

Question: What is recognized as a vibrant, bustling amusement park?
Answer: santa cruz beach boardwalk

Question: What does san jose improv deliver?
Answer: a-list comedy, food and cocktails

Question: What is the name of the opera company founded by sjsu alumna irene dalis?
Answer: opera san josé

Question: What community does hammer theatre serve?
Answer: san josé

Question: What is the official site of the california theater, city national civic, montgomery theater and san jose's center for the performing arts?
Answer: san josé theaters

Question: What is the name of the american professional soccer team based in san jose?
Answer: san jose earthquakes

Question: What is the name of the minor league baseball team in san josé?
Answer: san jose giants

Question: What type of team are they in the northern division of the california league?
Answer: class a-advanced

Question: What is the name of the professional ice hockey team based in san josé?
Answer: san jose sharks

Question: What division of the national hockey league are they a part of?
Answer: pacific

Question: What is san francisco known for?
Answer: san francisco travel

Question: What is a top foodie destination?
Answer: oakland

Question: What does monterey county offer?
Answer: iconic california experiences

Question: Where can you find your flow and follow it to?
Answer: santa cruz county

Question: What are some of the things you can do at the redwood forests?
Answer: enjoy beaches, redwood forests, cuisine, recreation, wine history and adventure lodging

Question: What is the name of the american professional basketball team based in san francisco?
Answer: golden state warriors

Question: What conference do the warriors compete in?
Answer: western

Question: Where are the oakland athletics based?
Answer: oakland

Question: What league do they compete in?
Answer: mlb

Question: What league do they compete in?
Answer: the nfl

Question: What is the name of the san francisco 49ers?
Answer: san francisco 49ers

Question: What is the name of the american professional baseball team based in san francisco?
Answer: san francisco giants

Question: What is the name of the commuter rail service in california?
Answer: ace train the altamont corridor express

Question: What does vta stand for?
Answer: santa clara valley transportation authority

Question: What is the name of the national railroad passenger corporation?
Answer: amtrak

Question: What valley does bart connect to the san francisco peninsula?
Answer: silicon valley

Question: What is a provider of ferry and water excursion services on the san francisco bay?
Answer: blue & gold fleet

Question: What is caltrain?
Answer: california commuter rail line

Question: How many destinations does greyhound serve?
Answer: more than 3,800 destinations across north america

Question: What is the public transit system for the city and county of san francisco?
Answer: san francisco municipal railway

Question: What is california's fourth largest airport?
Answer: oakland international airport

Question: How many airlines offer nonstop service today?
Answer: 13

Question: What kind of flights does it have?
Answer: flights to points throughout north america

Question: How many people does the airport serve?
Answer: nearly four million

Question: What is the name of silicon valley's public university?
Answer: san jose state

Question: Along with dynamic teaching and research, what type of experiences does sjsu combine to prepare students to address the biggest problems facing society?
Answer: university-industry

Question: Where is the welcome center located?
Answer: diaz compean student union

Question: What do you use to find your way around sjsu's campus?
Answer: maps

Question: What is the best way to see for yourself why sjsu is consistently ranked one of the nation's best universities?
Answer: tours

Question: What is one thing you can do from afar?
Answer: exploring campus

Question: What kind of tour can you take?
Answer: virtual

Question: What is the name of the bookstore located inside the diaz compean student union?
Answer: the spartan bookstore

Question: How many city blocks of parking does sjsu have?
Answer: 19

Question: What kind of permits are required?
Answer: parking permits

Question: What eases the parking experience between duncan hall and the park and ride lot?
Answer: park and ride shuttle service

Question: What type of transportation are you planning to use?
Answer: public transportation

Question: What is the name of the website that provides information about how to get to sjsu?
Answer: students transportation solutions

Question: What is one of the largest cities in the U.S., san jose is the heart of?
Answer: silicon valley

Question: In what region of the US is the city of Los Angeles located?
Answer: northern california

Question: What is the name of the boardwalk in san francisco?
Answer: santa cruz beach boardwalk

