campus calendars from musicals to homecoming games, you can always find something to do at san jose state that will enrich your college experience. keep up with whats going on.campus events from basketball games to poetry readings, career workshops to university clubs, this is where you'll find out what your fellow students are doing.provident credit union event center located in the heart of silicon valley, the provident credit union event center at sjsu is the premier mid-sized venue in northern california.hammer theatre hammer serves san joses community and the university through high-quality programming expressive of the unique characteristics and diverse cultures that comprise silicon valley.athletics check out the full schedule of upcoming atheltic events ofmore than 22 sports programs.

student alumni connection whether you're just beginning your college experience, or you're nearing the finish of your academic journey, the student alumni connection (sac) will help prepare you for what's next. our student organization creates meaningful opportunities for you to develop valuable skills, build your network, and shape your career long before graduation by connecting you with alumni who have gone before you. sac is your direct connection to over 275,000 alumni worldwide in a variety of industries through networking and career events, social activities, and leadership opportunities.connect with us to begin your journey spartan success series calendar take advantage ofthe student-alumni engagement program, which features an array of career development events and opportunities to network with alumni experts.scholarship programs our programs annually award more than $180,000 in scholarships to both undergraduate and graduate students.join the alumni association through student alumni connection, all current students are eligible for an annual student membership priced at only $20. the membership qualifies students for 12 months access to exclusive student alumni connection benefits and events, as well as a spartan bookstore discount, and access to invitation-only events with alumni and peers. all members are eligible to apply for board positions.

committed to community san jos state is dedicated to fostering a safe campus environment through education, collaboration and community empowerment.university police department (upd)sjsus police department works 24-7 to provide a safe and secure learning environment through professional, progressive police, emergency, transportation and educational services.report an emergency to report an emergency, call the university police department at 408-924-2222 or dial 911.call upd: 408-9242222 emergency alerts alert sjsu will send campus emergency information via text, audio and email messages. make sure your personal information is up to date and sign up your family and friends to receive alerts as well.update sjsu alert information report a facility issue for facility issues, please submit a service ticket or call 408-924-1990 for all emergency requests.request facility service title ix and gender equity office if you or someone you know has experienced sex discrimination or sexual misconduct, we encourage you to file a report or contact the title ix and gender equity office for resources and assistance.sjsu cares sjsu cares assists students who are facing an unforeseen economic crisis by providing direct support and referrals around basic needs including food, housing, emergency assistance and more.safety escort program in the event that you feel unsafe navigating campus, upd will provide a safety escort. the service is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.mental health servicesas a student, if you are struggling with stress, depression, anxiety or relationship problems, counseling and psychological services is here to provide the support you need to succeed at sjsu.discrimination and harassment anyone who believes they have been discriminated against due to a protected status, such as age, disability, race or ethnicity, nationality, religion, genetic information, veteran or military status, by a california state university student or employee should report here.accessibility reporting sjsu is committed to accessibility and inclusion for all students, faculty, staff, and community members. please use this form to report any accessibility barriers related to campus facilities, buildings, and grounds.student conduct code violations use the online incident reporting form to report all potential violations of the student conduct code at sjsu.spartans in distress the behavioral intervention team (bit) provides guidance, care and assistance to students and employees who are: experiencing crisis, displaying odd or unusual behavior and/or engaging in other behaviors that may be perceived as being harmful (either to the student or employee individually, or to others).hazing prevention and response students have the right to be able to participate in activities and organizations without compromising their safety, health and personal well-being. hazing in every form, or conspiracy to haze is prohibited at sjsu.

what does it mean to be a spartan?for more than 160 years, shared qualities like creativity and adaptability have connected generations of spartans. our traditions, both new and established, also connect our dynamic community.spartan pride thursdays whether you're on campus or living and working in another country, show your pride every thursday by wearing your spartan blue and gold.get blue and gold gearhail, spartans, hail!hail, gold, blue and white!we pledge our hearts and hands to keep thy colors ever bright.forward we go! we will not fail!sing to our alma mater,hail! hail! hail!fight on for dear old san jose state;fight on for victory!we are with you in every way.no matter what the price may be!onward for sparta noble and true,fight hard in everything you do!and so we'll fight! (rah!) win! (rah!)march onward down the field and we will win the day!s...j...s...u...s..j..s..u..sjsu...san jose state!admitted spartan day every spring, new spartans have the opportunity to come to campus to learn about all the wonderful resources that san jose state has to offer, as well as how to complete the required next steps to enroll at sjsu.weeks of welcome during the first weeks of the semester, sjsu welcomes back returning students and supports new students in their transition to the university with spartan spirit-filled events.ask me tables new to campus and need directions to class or just have a question? come by the "ask me" tables! members of the sjsu staff, faculty and administration are available to help you find your way around campus and answer any questions during the first few days of the fall and spring semester.homecoming from fire on the fountain, campus movie fest and the spartan football, homecoming is a week long celebration for the entire campus community.legacy month the legacy of equity and social justice is a part of sjsus dna. every october, the campus honors this legacy, which includes the human rights protest by alumni tommie smith and john carlos at the 1968 olympic games.earth day/sustainability week gay lord nelson, '39 political science, founded earth day. today, sustainability is a core sjsu value.legacy of poetry poets have found inspiration and community at san jose state since edwin markham wrote "the man with the hoe." sjsu celebrates this lyrical legacy every spring.commencement commencement is an honored tradition atall universities. at sjsu's spring and fall ceremonies, there's special element: the ceremonial mace. an ornamental staff or scepter, the mace is carried by officials as part of formal parliamentary or academic ceremonies. a gift from the tower foundation of sjsu, the universitys ceremonial mace was designed and created this spring by art and art history lecturer yvonne escalante, 13 mfa spatial arts. she found inspiration for the design in both sjsu history and the paths students take to reach graduation.read the story of the mace

we're here for you here at sjsu we are committed to your success. we realize that to be successful it takes more than just studying your health, wellness and safety are critical to your academic success. this is why sjsu provides services to address your health, wellness and safety. please do not hesitate to reach out to any of the services below. we are here to be your partners in your success.student wellness center the student wellness center is home to your health, counseling, and well-being needs at sjsu. visit your doctor, talk to your counselor, relax in the wellness lounge, and more!accessible education center the accessible education center (aec) provides accommodations, services, and auxiliary aids in support of the educational development and success of students with disabilities in a student-centered and professional environment.sjsu cares sjsu cares provides resources and services for sjsu students facing many kinds of financial crisis. if youre having trouble paying for food, housing or other bills, due to an unforeseen crisis come to us to get the help you need.title ix and gender equity center have you experienced sexual harassment/assualt, sex discrimination, or gender inequity? sjsu's is committed to protecting all people regardless of their gender or gender identity from sex discrimination, which includes sexual harassment, sexual misconduct, dating/domestic violence, stalking, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions.university police departmentare you experiencing an immediate or ongoing threat to your safety? upd is committed to creating a professional, progressive and superior police force, as well as providing emergency, transportation and educational services in alliance with the campus community.spartan recreation whether youre a beginner or a fitness guru, wanting to learn new skills or push your boundaries, weve got you covered with an exciting selection of activities in our state-of-the-art facilities.student organizationsfind your place among 30,000+ spartans with over 350+ recognized student organizations at sjsu ranging from cultural groups and greek life to hundreds of special interest groups.

