the kay armstead center for communicative disorders (kaccd) is a non-profit community clinic that has been serving the needs of individuals of all ages, demonstrating a wide variety of speech, language and hearing difficulties and differences, for over fifty years.contact us for speech and/or hearing servicesgive a monetary gift towards kaccd support servicesthe kay armstead center for communication disorders is housed within the cds department and has a three fold purpose:to this end, the kaccd clinic offers a full range of services that address pressing community needs.clinical services are available to people with developmental or acquired communication disorders.at the kaccd clinic, master's students evaluate and treat clients with various communication disorders under the direct supervision of certified, masters and doctoral level speech-language pathologists and audiologists. each semester, the clinic provides speech, language, and hearing services to over hundreds of children and adults from the bay area area. in addition, student clinicians and faculty participate in numerous community outreach activities, such as speech, language, and hearing screenings for preschool children and adults. the student clinicians in the kaccd clinic provide services in specialty areas such as augmentative and alternative communication, voice, fluency, and neurogenics.the kay armstead center for communicative disorders (kaccd) is committed to the principle of equal opportunity. the university, college, department and kaccd do not discriminate in the delivery of professional services or the conduct of research and scholarly activity based on age, citizenship,disability, ethnicity, gender-identity, genetic information,marital status, national origin,physical characteristics, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and veteran status.clinical services are available to people with developmental or acquired communication disorders. we offer our clinical services in the community for both the private and public sectors and for non-profits, as well.our faculty and supervisors conduct community service programs, such as our preschool hearing screening program. faculty members are available for consultations, community presentations and advice in their respective areas of expertise.the kay armstead center for communication disorders (kaccd) provides clinical services in speech, language and hearing evaluations, as well as treatment. the kaccd serves both the sjsu and bay area communities.therapy is provided by student clinicians in the field of communication disorders. these students are supervised by a member of our faculty in every phase of the therapeutic process; goal development and intervention planning, strategy use, direct intervention, and reflections regarding response to intervention to inform decision making. faculty are certified by the american speech-language and hearing association and licensed in the state of california.this clinic allows anyone concerned with most aspects of communication to receive a comprehensive assessment with a detailed report. most assessments take 2-3 hours. areas assessed include accent modification, fluency, language, speech sound disorders, aac, voice disorders, and voice feminization/masculinization.the kaccd child speech and language clinic provides high quality clinical services to children from ages 2-18, presenting with a wide range of communication disorders. our program offers individual and small group intervention for children with challenges which may include speech sound articulation, language understandingor use, social communication and the use of augmentative/alternative communication systems.intervention focuses on offering motivating and success-oriented activities to actively engage our clients in learning and demonstration of the identified target skills. our students are supported in providing multiple and varied opportunities to address target skills, resulting in a systematic and thorough approach for supported learning and practice, building understanding and confidence.this clinic serves adults who have had a stroke, traumatic brain injury, degenerative neurological disease, or other type of brain damage. clients have access to clinical services for screening and evaluation of communication, cognitive and swallowing disorders; for individual therapy; and for group therapy as recommended by clinical faculty and supervisors. the adult clinic also features the spartan aphasia research clinic (sparc) which uses a life participation model for aphasia therapy and provides individual or dyad therapy, conversation coaching groups, an aphasia-friendly book club, and an aphasia choir.the adult language clinic at kay armstead center for communicative disorders (kaccd) provides support to adult clients with communication delays resulting from autism, down syndrome, intellectual disabilities and various other developmental disorders. sessions involve the clients in structured one to one and group activities focused on functional communication and social skills on campus and in the community.this clinic provides therapeutic services for children, teens, and adults who stutter. therapy addresses speech fluency along with the social, emotional, educational, and/or occupational impacts of stuttering. the clinic implements a variety of evidence-based contemporary therapy approaches and device-assisted therapy. services may include individual and/or group therapy based on the client's needs.this clinic provides gender affirmation voice and communication services, including feminizing or masculinizing voice, speech, and communication styles to match the individual's gender identity. the voice clinic is equipped with advanced technology to provide precise and timely biofeedback to support individual needs. services are primarily individual sessions, with occasional group sessions as appropriate.augmentative and alternative communication (aac) includes all forms of communication (other than oral speech) that are used to express thoughts, needs, wants, and ideas. some individuals who have difficulty speaking may require an extensive evaluation to identify an appropriate aac system that meets their communication needs. we evaluate and provide intervention to help individuals develop the ability to operate and access their aac system, develop language through alternative means, and navigate conversations while using an alternative means of communication.applications for both children and adult clients may be submitted at any time, but please note that in most circumstances, therapy appointments will begin at the start of an academic semester (fall, spring, or summer). graduate and undergraduate students provide services under the supervision of licensed and certified speech-language pathologists and audiologists.please use the following forms to apply or refer for services at the kaccd. these documents require adobe reader. once completed, email the forms to armstead-center@sjsu.eduor mail them to:kay armstead center for communication disorders department of communicative disorders and sciences1 washington squaresan jos, ca 95192-0079-child (0-17 years) speech and language assessment application [pdf]-adult (18+ years) speech and language assessment application [pdf]-child (0-17 years) speech and language assessment application [pdf]-adult (18+ years) speech and language assessment application [pdf]-aac assessment clinic - child referral form [pdf]-aac assessment clinic - adult referral form [pdf]- welcome packet and forms-privacy policy [pdf]-consent to exchange information [pdf]the kaccd is located on the first floor of sweeney hall (sh) via room 115. the entrance is located next to the 7th street, south parking garage.the kaccd is a non-profit center, funded through donations. your tax-deductible donation will be put to work in our clinic.you can use thekaccd donations pagefor direct gifts. you can also deliver a check or cash to kaccd made out to tower foundation of san jose state university. whether made on line or with a check, please indicate that your donation is for the kay armstead center for communicative disorders.