academic calendar gives access to current and past academic calendars.sjsu articulation agreements are formal agreements between a transfer campus and sjsu. they define how courses completed at a transfer school can be used to satisfy a requirement at sjsu.san jose state university uses a learning management system (lms) called canvas by instructure. canvas has a clean, intuitive user interface, featuring drag and drop usability; and a comprehensive grading tool. canvas also allows faculty and students to configure their notification options to integrate with services such as facebook, twitter, text messaging and more.this free course was developed for our incoming class of fall 2020 because we understand that current circumstances might require more flexible options to complete a full 30 units over the course of the first year.the free course option may be used during any winter, starting winter 2021, or summer session within the next two years (for transfer students) or four years (for freshmen). (this option is not available for former students returning.)if you have any questions, please contact the academic advising and retention services (aars) office at academic.advising@sjsu.edu. see tutorials for employees for help on how you can use mysjsu to:the curriculum procedures and requirements page offers an informal summary of procedures required to accomplish the most frequently requested curricular changes at sjsu. always call or consult first. for information on topics not covered, call the office of graduate & undergraduate programs, 408-924-2447 or curriculum analyst nicole loeser, 408-924-3484.the aec works collaboratively with faculty to provide resources and deliver effective academic accommodations to students with disabilities registered through the aec at sjsu. the employment accomodations resource center (earc)is your hub for the latest aec service information for faculty.the aec works collaboratively with staff to ensure equal access to programs and services for students, faculty and staff. the employment accomodations resource center (earc)is your hub for the latest aec service and resource information for staff.the faculty and staff directory facilitates finding contact information for sjsu faculty and staff.the sjsu general education program incorporates the development of skills, the acquisition of knowledge, and the integration of knowledge through the study of facts, issues, and ideas. regardless of major, all who earn undergraduate degrees should share common educational experiences, as they become university scholars. in combination with major, minor, and elective courses, the general education curriculum should help students attain those attributes found in an educated person.visit the gape website for more information holds on student accounts and records will prevent students from registering students should periodically check for holds at http://my.sjsu.edu. follow the instructions on how to clear them. monetary holds of $50.00 or more will block you from registration, obtaining official transcripts, diplomas and other miscellaneous services login using mysjsu in myprogress, students can use the academic requirements function in mysjsu to check their progress in meeting your requirements for their degree. students are encouraged tobring it to an advisor as part of their path to graduation.looking for a specific class use ourclass search option. use our browse course catalog option to check out the sjsu course catalog.this sjsu system status page provides the campus community with information about the availability of our it applications, systems and services. to receive automatic email notifications, select the "subscribe to updates" button. if you have questions or suggestions, please contact the it help desk at 408-924-1530 or ithelpdesk@sjsu.edu. spartan connect allows faculty, academic advisors, and support services staff to utilize data and technology to:to learn more about spartan connect, please visit the spartan connect faqs page.visit the office of undergraduate education webpage for more information pertaining to gradudation for undergraduate students.