Professor burton retires as chair of the occupational therapy department. He has many years of experience in the field, and he is a frequent guest editor and co-editer for several editions of textbooks on physical and mental illness. Dr. cara, an associate professor, has received her master's degree in psychology from San Jose State University and has been a member of the university's faculty council for six years. She has published numerous papers and presented numerous workshops national and international. Carolynglogoski is an active student and frequently publishes in the fields of community living, mental health, older adults, and at risk young adults.
	Dr. lela Llorens serves as a resource for the profession in San Jose and throughout the state. She is an active member of the professional community and has been honored with numerous awards.
	Lorraine, Emeritus Professor Pedretti, and Dr. Pendleton have been honored lecturers for the past 35 years at the annual meeting of the American occupational therapy association in San Francisco. They are also members of the Board of Directors of the California Foundation for Occupational Therapy and serve as co-co-editors of the sixth, seventh, and eightth edition of "pedrette's occupation therapy: practice skill for physical dysfunction". Pamela Richardson has earned her bachelor degree in occupational medicine from the University of Puget Sound in tame, washington, and is an assistant dean to the college of sciences and arts at San Jose State University. She is also a fellow member of the national boards of certification inoccupation therapy and serves as the chairperson of the university's accreditation review committee. Kay Schwartz comes to sans jose from Massachusetts where she was employed for seven years; she holds a bachelor science degree in English literature from the universities of Massachusetks, New York City, and Columbia University. Her master of science degrees in occupational therapy are from boston University Sargent College and her doctorates in educational psychology from teachers college. She has worked with Fortune 500 companies, charities, and hospitals as a consulting associate.
	Dr. Macrae works as a business advisor to fortune 500 companies and nonprofit organizations. Her doctoral dissertation is published privately and receives an International Readership, and is presented in Monteverrey, Mexico at an organization development congress. After retiring, she moves to the town of Groveland where she serves on three boards of directors and obtains a grant to launch a community rehabilitation center. She also writes a local visioning document that helps improve the town's health services. Emeritus Professor Marti Southam retires from the university's occupational therapy program and chairs the post-profession master's program. He has been a longtime member of the school's faculty and has served as the Northern California representative to the American Otac Association and has given many years of service. Dr. southam received the honor of lecturer for "the californiania Foundation for occupational therapy" and was selected as one of the 2006 honored lecturers for the "occupational therapy association of caforinia" by the state. Anne macrae worked with the mental health service for over 20 years and was a valued teacher and mentor to many students. She co-edits the fifth edition of the psychological occupational therapy book and has many awards and honors throughout her long career.