Dr. smith serves as the vice president of the American occupational therapy association, and is an active member of its commission on practice. She also serves as a mentor to other members of the profession. Professor, Lynne Andonian has over thirty years of experience working with people with mental illnesses and has presented at national and international meetings on community advocacy, health education, and mental health. Dr. Arabit has served as the past supervisor of the outpatient treatment program for children with cleft lip problems at Adventist Health White Memorial in Los Angeles, Ca. He is board-certified in nerverehabilitation and physical rehabilitation; he holds several certifications in the field of obstetrics and craniol therapy. His research interests include adult aging and fall prevention. As an assistant professor, she earned her doctorate from boston University and was awarded a master's degree in applied science and arts from San Jose State University.
	Dr. fang is an assistant professor in the university's occupational therapy department and a scientist with a special interest in developing tools to measure the activities, involvement levels, and environment of children and young adults with physical and mental health challenges. melisla kaye is a board-certified physician in occupational therapy and holds a bachelor degree in education from st marys state university. she is also a co-researcher for the American Journal of Occupational Therapy and has published numerous articles and chapters on this topic. Dr. long is an active member of the local chapter of the American occupational therapy association as well as a past president of the committee that dissuades members from attempting to reform the federal law regarding early intervention and classroom based practice.
	Courtney Boitano is a graduate of the university of Southern California with a bachelor's degree in psychology and a doctorate in behavior analysis. She has been an active member of the local occupational therapy community for over 15 years, serving on the boards of children's learning centers and conducting research on stress and selfefficacy among unhoused family members. Dr. Chio serves as a mentor to students in the field of occupational therapy at San Jose State University. Alison George holds a B.A. in psychology from U.C. Los Angeles and has been teaching in the fields of physical therapy, occupational therapy, and early intervention services for adults with physical and/or psychological challenges. Yavonne Hoang Golembesky is an active student leader in the occupational therapy profession. Christian haworth earned a master's degrees in occupational therapy after spending 10 years in the Peace Corps in Paraguay. Her passions include gamification, universal design, and sustainability.
	Hr. khatir is the founder and chief owner of "ot park", an in-person, virtual, and outpatient therapy center in San Francissco. He has over twenty years of experience as an experienced and accomplished occupational therapist; he has been working for a large hospital in India as well as in the usa. His passion is to share her knowledge with medical professionals and to help them find new ways to treat their patients. Dr. katri is the president of the sanfranchisco chapter of the American occupational therapy association and a member of the board of directors of the local chapter. churnlin co-founded the advanced certificate program in applied mindfulness in 2000. She has taught this program to hundreds of people around the world. Sarah Mcpeak earns a bachelor's degree in sports science from the University of San Francisco and an occupation therapy from the U.S.C.A.. she also has several other certifications including neuro-descriptive treatment for adults with physical agent modities, ergonomic assessment specialist, and swallowing assessment evaluation and intervention. Lesley paige receives her master's degrees in occupational therapy at San Jose State University and then goes on to complete her post-profession doctorate ofoccupational therapy degree at university of Southern California. Dracula lecturer rivera is a pediatric critical care therapist who performs early mobilization services for children under the supervision of dracula's physician. Rivera also performs swallowing evaluation, evaluation, and intervention studies for all ages.
	ms. in occupational therapy has completed his graduate certificate in low vision rehabilitation and is a member of the university's faculty since 2008. lecturer tipstonburton earned her bachelor's degree in physical therapy and has over 30 years of experience as a physical therapist. she has published chapters in several books including the 8 edition of Pedretti Ot for Physical Dyscination. Dr. kthrynwise, an experienced physician and nurse, has been teaching at the university for more than 20 years. She has a passion for creating new experiences for health professions and for interprofessional education.