the center for accessible technology (cat) provides accessible software to students registered with the accessible education center (aec). the accessible software is used to support students in the classroom and on tests.students prescribed accessible software for curriculum material must schedule a virtual appointment with a cat staff member to receive accessible software training. students can schedule an appointment by visiting the appointment page.appointments must be scheduled with ansjsu email address, show a studentsand have a note about what type of software they want to learn.while returning students may bypass this step in the semesters that follow their initial cat training, returning students can schedule a follow-up appointment by visiting the appointment page.check out our tutorial materials and training videos on our tutorial page. more tutorials can be found on the accessible education center-sjsu youtube page. students may also find other resources on our resources page or the accessible education center-sjsu facebook page.text-to-speech software read & write is a text-to-speech software. e-text books, websites, and documents can be spoken aloud. there are tools that can be used to better strengthen learning. some of these tools include highlighting text, spell check, screen tint, and more. read & write can be installed on pc, mac and tablet devices.if you would like to know more about read & write, check out their website:read & write website natural reader is a text-to-speech software. convert any text or document into natural-sounding voices. it supports pdf, text documents, and more. natural reader can be installed on pc, mac, ios and android devices.if you would like to know more about natural reader, go to the natural reader website.the center for accessible technology offers training on mac and ios hardware and software. students can learn about voice control or dictation, apple speech or spoken content, reader view, voiceover screen reader, zoom and display settings, switch control, assistivetouch, guided access, captions, and many more accessibility settings.if you would like to know more about apple accessibility software go to the apple accessibility website.note-taking softwarethe glean software records the audio for lectures and can be used as a note-taking tool. glean can be accessed on a google chrome browser. there is also a glean app that can be downloaded to a mobile device. glean can be used on a mac, pc, android or ios platform.glean for education is the hybrid learning solution designed to support and improve note-taking skills for students of all abilities. sonocent/gleanif you would like to know more about glean, go to the glean website.office emails staff directory administration building(adm)room 110 accessible education center san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0168 mon: 9 am - 5 pm tues: 9 am - 5 pm wed: 10 am - 5 pm thurs: 9 am - 4 pm fri: 9 am - 4 pm