all sessions will include time for questions and dialogue. participants at all levels of outcomes assessment experience are welcome to participate in this session.october 6, 2021 in this short workshop, participants were given the opportunity to write original learning outcomes or refine existing learning outcomes to measure unit objectives. the session included a brief discussion about what learning outcomes are, their purpose, and components of learning outcomes.november 5, 2021 in this short workshop, participants were given the opportunity to develop new methodology statements or refine existing methodology statements to measure assessment outcome statements. the session included a brief discussion about selecting methodologies for outcomes assessment, common methodologies used to assess outcomes, and components of methodology statements.friday, december 3, 2021 in this short workshop, participants learned about basic survey design and use in outcome assessment activities. the session included a brief discussion about why a decision might be made to use a survey method to collect data to measure assessment outcomes, strategies for streamlining survey related data collection, survey data collection strategies, and survey design considerations. basic question stem and rating scale considerations were also discussed.february 11, 2022 rubrics can be used to evaluate student learning as a form of direct assessment. a rubric is a set of criteria that includes categories for evaluation and a rating scale. examples using a rubric include evaluating a live performance or a piece of created work such as a reflection paper or resume.march 11, 2022 assessment objectives are often twofold: do participants possess a set of knowledge, and do they possess the knowledge due to a training that was provided. participants discussed:how pre-post evaluation tools may be used to obtain a richer understanding of the value of a program in developing knowledgewhat pre-post evaluation tools arehow to use pre-post evaluation tools in assessment how to analyze results from pre-post evaluation when a unit may want to consider using pre-post evaluation tools.april 22, 2022 qualitative data offers a rich variety of perspectives through authentic expression of voice. in student affairs work, such data can provide unique insight for use in outcomes assessment. participants learned:different types of qualitative methods for use in outcomes assessment how to engage in the analysis and good opportunities to use qualitative approaches how to use nvivo as a tool for qualitative analysistraditional methods of close textual/theme analysis clark hall, room 531(fifth floor)division of student affairs san jose state university one washington square san jose, ca 95192-0031.